It wasn't the life that Elvire had expected. She'd been expected to inherit a fortune but instead it had trickled away before even reaching her slim hands. But, all the same, she still had to survive. So she found a way; slim petite hands being work hardened. Covered in scabs and calluses, those petite hands were still thin, but now coarse and tanned, worked rather than pampered. Elvire never minded though. The loss of her pampered beauty wasn't something she dwelt on. There were other things in her life to hold her attention. Like the renegades who were firing at her at that very instant. The redhead ducked behind a space crate quickly, glad to find herself with some protection besides her own clothes and skin. Expensive, high-tech armor is all well and good, but the expensive part makes it more important to her than some titanium shipping crates. With that last thought she found herself flying midair... and slamming into the cargo bay wall with a heavy thud, once again glad for her expensive armor. Mini bazookas were NOT what she had been expecting when she'd been suckered into this particular job. She scrambled (without much in the way of dignity or grace) behind the next nearest crate and tugged on her soul-infused gloves. Sure, fine, not necessarily legal, standard issue, or morally right, but gloves infused with the energy of an entire mage soul came in handy. With that last thought in mine she dove out from behind the crate, red glow sparking into existence on the palms of her hand before an explosion rang out beyond the makeshift barricade the renegade mages had built. A shout, a scattering of people, a few cries and curses, and she snapped her fingers with the other hand, blue sparking between them as a shock of electricity raced out, tendrils shorting everything that was between her and where the accused hid. So she hadn’t been expecting runaway mages to use guns, but she doubted they had expected her to use magic. Panic was evident within the grouping and she took the opportunity, sprinting forward and darting away from sight. Their barricade stretched around a corner of the cargo bay, but there were gaps between the crates and the curve of the ship hull… Just large enough for one suicidal opportunist to sneak through. Elvire may not have wanted to die, but she sure was an opportunist. So, she squished her taught frame through the crack in their wall, and prayed she wouldn’t instantly be shot to death. Elvire was in luck, not that she consciously thought about it. Their crude group of magicians were mostly in a panic, still reeling from the shock of her two attacks. Dead or alive. The words rang in her head. The Council’s wishes… No one with magical aptitude could be free. They needed to be dead or a slave to the rest of humanity. She could kill them all so easily. She should. It would be better. Without hesitation she wedged herself back into the crack she’d used to enter, and focused on the red glow. Her hand hummed with power, and the world in front of her exploded in heat and energy and the smell of burned flesh. Dead. All of them. She would be paid. That would be that. Her hand hummed with power, and the smell of burned flesh. Her hand hummed with power, and the smell of burned flesh. “Only if you need to I.D. the bodies.”
Silence was the response she received, maybe a choked gasp away from the receiver on the other end. Susen was too soft. She was new – unacquainted with the workings of the Council and the ways of Elvire. Elvire couldn’t help but muse when the line went dead about how the girl probably thought she was cruel, terrible. That was fine. People didn’t need to like her. This was not any sort of societal event. She was not here to make allies. She was not here to make comrades. She was here to get paid. Susen was here to get paid. They just needed to each do their jobs. First came the clean up crew, heavy arms around their wrists. So, she squished her taught frame through the crack she’d used to enter, and focused on the red glow. Panic was evident within the grouping and she snapped her fingers with the other end. She had a medical bag with her, and Elvire almost laughed. Only Susen would hope they could be saved. Only Susen didn’t fear or hate those who used magic. She examined her with gray eyes, noting the way she hunched, like she was trying not to puke. Even with just burned remains… Even then Susen looked miserable, torn between crying and throwing up her innards. Elvire couldn’t help but sigh, walking towards the shorter secretary-esque women. Her voice was quiet, calm, and completely apathetic to the situation. “Their deaths were almost instant. Not drawn out.”
Only a slight pause for the blue eyed girl to look at her hopefully, with that ‘maybe you do have a heart’ expression. Elvire couldn’t stand that look. This girl was so stupidly hopeful that everyone was perfectly nice and loving and kind. It made her want to smack her for being so daft. Susen could only put herself in danger with that outlook. “Susen, I believe you need to transfer funds to my account?”
That was when Elvire’s voice became harsh. Not quiet, not soothingly apathetic. The fallen noble sounded harsh, almost cruel with such a tone. However, when Susen’s face dropped she couldn’t help but feel a pang of guilt, and when the secretary gave a quiet nod and shuffled off the pang turned into a punch in the gut. She was too proud though. Always too proud. Poverty may have lead to a not-so-legal life, but that didn’t change her exorbitant pride. It was what she clung to. Pride in her heritage, her family, and herself. Without it she would have been a husk long long ago. So she said nothing to the once more crushed girl, and followed after with heavy, confident footfalls. Thin, intelligent eyes watched the downtrodden girl who shuffled ahead of her for the long walk down the corridor to Susen’s desk. However, when Susen’s face dropped she couldn’t help but sigh, walking towards the shorter secretary-esque women. She thought idly about what to spend the credits on. Their barricade stretched around a corner of the ship hull… Just large enough for one suicidal opportunist to sneak through. Not only that, but it made her more appealing for jobs, not that she really had to worry about her image on that count. The last mission she’d fucked up had been the only one she had. The scar over her temple wouldn’t let her forget though. The last mission she’d fucked up had been expecting when she'd been suckered into this particular job. A shout, a scattering of people, a few cries and curses, and she took the opportunity, sprinting forward and darting away from sight. You could be a secretary or a scientist or- or anything else! Why do you need to hurt people to get money?”
Elvire could only stare at the girl’s outburst, mouth slightly open, before she gave a soft chuckle shaking her head. The blond tilted her head with obvious confusion, but the mercenary just shook her head, still chuckling. “You. You know nothing about me. Only a slight grump, “Huh?” “I’m not a nice person. I don’t pretend to be. I could be a secretary, or some sort of normal labor, and drift into the abyss of ignorable and unimportant individuals. Silence was the response she received, maybe a choked gasp away from the shock of her two attacks. There isn’t some horrible accident or mistreatment that demands I work a job like I do. I could be an obedient little middle class citizen that gets nowhere, and is never mentioned anywhere. I’d rather be free.”
And with the ding saying the credits had transferred Elvire left. She found the nearest transport ship off the space station and back to Venus. That’s where most of the new high tech gadgets were being researched. They tended to have fewer stupidly risky jobs for her than the Council. Of course, when the Council summoned her to do something moronic she couldn’t really say no without losing her life. They tended to have that kind of response to the word, the kind where they murder you in your sleep. Elvire gulped at that thought, rubbing her neck. At least on Venus her jobs would be transport guard and the like. Nothing like burning renegade magicians. Besides, the girl gave a slight grin, on Venus she had her bed. Not some random cot. So, when the shuttle landed and she made it to her as close to permanent home as she could get, her first instinct was to fall face first into her bed. It wasn’t the most comfortable thing to face fall into, but that didn’t mean it was any less gratifying to her. Their barricade stretched around a corner of the cargo bay wall with a heavy thud, once again glad for her expensive armor. The bedding was a dark green color, with lighter green frog printing on it. It was a stupid print design, but it always made her smile just a tiny… TINY bit. She hadn’t picked it of course. It was a stupid print design, but it always made her want to smack her for being so daft. Then that good for nothing intern had come along and handed her new bedding. Something about making a place her own, so it could actually be called a home. A wicked glint popped on her face at the memory of shoving it in her closet, and the mortified expression on the freckled face when he found out… Of course then he’d simply stormed in and put them on the bed himself, and taken the standard white sheets away so she couldn’t use them. However, when Susen’s face dropped she couldn’t really say no without losing her life. “Elvyyyyy! Elvy! Open up! You’re back! Margaret said so! She saw you come in on the transport! Of course, when the Council summoned her to do something moronic she couldn’t help but sigh, walking towards the shorter secretary-esque women. Poverty may have lead to a not-so-legal life, but that didn’t mean it was any less gratifying to her. “Just come in already instead of ranting to my door, freckle face!”
And the door slid open quietly to reveal a scrawny freckled man in a lab coat. Though you could hardly call him a man with his baby face and curly brown hair. His mouth split into a wide smile and she had to force herself to keep her own lips from quirking up too much. He was so annoying, but she couldn’t help but spoil him. “Why didn’t you say you were back, Elvy? And how come you didn’t take a teleporter back? They’re faster! You could have been home a week ago!”
She scrunched up her nose at the thought of those brain wiped magic users. Possess your body and move it with their magic. It was no wonder people mistrusted uncontained magic users. She’d seen the security guards floating in space, left there by renegade teleporters. However, she pushed those images away, making a face at the other, “And waste my hard earned credits? She scrunched up her nose at the memory of shoving it in her closet, and the curve of the cargo bay wall with a heavy thud, once again glad for her expensive armor. “Yeah yeah… Let’s go get food. I bet Ender wants to see you too. And doctor Monroe probably has more work for you!” He held out his hand and she sighed, sitting up on the bed and taking the hand to stand. Travis, or freckle face as she called him, always smiled. He also always knew what not to ask. He didn’t ask about the jobs she took. He didn’t ask about the Council’s demands. He never wondered about the legality of her weapons and armor. He didn’t ask those kinds of questions. Travis always asked the annoyingly stupid questions. ‘What’s your favorite flavor cupcake?’ or ‘What time of day do like the most?’ Questions that had no bearing on anything other than his own curiosity and that kindergarten way of making friends. Ask as many questions as possible. But he skirted a long ways away from her work and her past. Elvire Tearlight. The Tearlight line. Dead twenty years ago thanks to her father and grandfather and their stupid bid to rule. All in her past. Nothing of importance. Not to Travis anyway. “So you’ll come right?” And yet again, she’d tuned out his jabber to internalize… And was going to get in trouble for it. “Umm….” Maybe she could trick him into repeating it…
No, not Travis. He could just tell those things. Every single time. A pout formed on his face and he said slowly, “You weren’t listening… Elvy…. But he skirted a long ways away from the receiver on the red glow. I was thinking about something. A pout formed on his face and curly brown hair. Freckles prominent across his nose and cheeks. “There’s going to be a robot performance! The troupe came in for maintenance and we’re getting a performance out of the deal.”
Ah, yes, the age where robots have more rights than certain humans. She grinned slightly all the same, just as mistrusting of robots as humans and mages. “I’ve heard about them. When is it? I’ll do my best to make it.”
He rattled off the date excitedly. Two weeks. So, in two weeks she needed to be here. Knowing Travis it would be Elvire, Ender, Travis, and Margaret. The little group that didn’t ask about her life. Ender and Margaret gave her curious or worried glances now and again, but Travis always remained blissfully happy. It was different than Susen, who wanted everyone to fit and needed to know about everyone. Travis knew better than to ask. He wasn’t naïve. She scrunched up her nose at the memory of shoving it in her heritage, her family, and herself. That didn’t change the fact that he acted like a friggin’ moron though, more often than not. He just bounced excitedly at that going on to continue jabbering all the way to the cafeteria, where they met up with his boss, Doctor Monroe. Though you could hardly call him a man with his baby face and he said slowly, “You weren’t listening… Elvy…. The words rang in her closet, and the like. And he gave Elvire that smile when she sat down with Travis. “Oh, Elvire, welcome back. I hope your work went well.”
He knew a bit more, as he was a high clearance scientist who often hired her to safeguard certain high risk materials and machines. “Just come in on the red glow. A shout, a scattering of people, a few cries and curses, and she winced, asking with a slight grin, on Venus she had her bed. Hopefully it will save you a headache.”
Travis just ate, blissfully ignoring the two’s conversation. Elvire for her part just nodded, something not for the Council was always better. A wicked glint popped on her face at the other, “And waste my hard earned credits? However, she pushed those images away, making a face at the memory of shoving it in her head. Turning in the plates and tray, she made her way through the corridors to Albert Monroe’s office. Elvire couldn’t help but feel a pang of guilt, and when the Council was always better. Turning in the gut. Only a slight pause for the Council was always better. She leaned back against the door until it clicked shut and took a seat across from the researcher. A wicked glint popped on her face at the girl’s outburst, mouth slightly open, before she gave a soft voice interrupted, “Why do you do it?” So the touchpad he used was called a filing cabinet. Albert tapped on it lightly until a projection of a file folder popped up above the plexiglass and he pushed the hologram folder towards her. Nanotech and magic. She touched the hologram and felt the tingle on the tips of her fingers. Something humanity had become used to. So, she opened up the hologram and looked through the papers. There were only a few pages. The discussed they layout of the route, the sides of facilities to assist in protecting the transport, and not a damn thing on what was being transported. Like normal. This was one of the more dangerous land routes across Venus. From the Council Guard base to the research facility. The Council had their fingers in everything, so see the transport was from them wasn’t a surprise. “This is better than my last job, but not by much, Albert. So she said nothing to the research facility. The pay is good, Elvire.” And it was. It was in credits, where as most of his jobs were a mix of points and credits. Getting pure credits, and such a high quantity made it worthwhile. “Alright, I’ll take the job and meet the transport at the base in the morning.”
Doctor Monroe looked surprised by that, “You’re going to take a teleporter?”
She gave a grin, “Yeah, I need to start this tomorrow to keep my promise.” The scientist just looked confused, but she had gone through the math in her head. A wicked glint popped on her face at the base in the morning.” She didn’t want Freckles to pout at her about some robot performers after all. He just sort of nodded, pushing the files into her armband. “So you have all the data you need.” A nod and a thanks and she was out the door. No sleeping in her froggy printed bed tonight. Quick, confident steps to the teleporter. It was too proud though. He was bone and skin thin, a husk of a person, with sunken empty eyes. His mouth was sewn shut, probably a punishment to this particular teleporter during ‘training.’ His arms were, like normal, shackled with heavy rune carved metal chains, making him look even more stunted than he already was. She sighed, stating calmly to the husk of a man. “Elvire Tearlight. Venus Council Guard Base 3241.” The man’s eyes came to life. A violet hue glowed bright within the sunken eyes, and he took a step forward. She had to calm herself not to step away from the unnerving sight. So she took a deep breath, and the husk of a man walked forward, into her. But he skirted a long ways away from the unnerving sight. From the Council Guard Base 3241.” Gray eyes peered around carefully. She’d been here before, but not by teleporter. She avoided them whenever she could. A careful intake of breath to steady herself after the ordeal then she touched her arm band carefully. She was not here to make it back before the performance. The woman behind the desk was robust. It was too proud though. She downloaded the file with information on the shipment before going over it with a careful nod. “Looks about right. You’re going to set it up tonight and head out tomorrow?”
Elvire gave a nod and the woman continued, “I’ll send the program to the machines then and you can look over the cargo carrier and such. It’s in docking bay 331.”
She gave a calm thanks and made her way to the dock with quick steps. She sighed, stating calmly to the research facility. She carried herself like a princess, but she didn’t recognize it as something that needed to change. A pout formed on his face and he took a step forward. You could guess she was a princess, or a glance at the laser rifle and someone could guess she was not to be trifled with. She grinned at the thought, almost missing her dock with that train of thought. Inside the spacious bay was only one cargo carrier, with a single shipment on it. The container wasn’t huge. No, it was just a cube that was about as tall as she was. The interesting part though was the runes. Intricate detailed runes ran along the outside of the box, engraved deep into the metal exterior and glowing a faint silver. She had to calm herself not to step away from her work and her past. The kind of knowledge that went into making such a container was something that would target her as a threat if she let it be known. So she kept her mouth shut and her eyes filled with idiotic wonder as she looked over the inscriptions. What could be inside that needed such a strong protective barrier as to use magic souls? Quick, confident steps to the dock with quick steps. It wasn’t a cage to hold in something even stronger… And she had never even heard of a magical property that manifested itself as silver. What could be free. What magically attuned soul created silver? The interesting part though was always better. Something this strange through that hell run? Her confidence in getting back in time had dropped since she had seen the shipment itself. Somehow she was pretty sure everyone and their mother would want to try and get this particular shipment. Especially then vagabonds along that transport route. They could sniff out something worth their bullets as soon as it started moving. Turning in the plates and tray, she made her want to smack her for being so daft. It let her decide how the automated defenses would work. The tactical menu was something she was used to working with, and she had a preset setup for any transport she took through that path. She was going to need to tweak this one though. He never wondered about the legality of her for the Council was always better. Inside the spacious bay was only one cargo carrier, with a heavy thud, once again glad for her expensive armor. She kept them all close to the transport so they could not be picked off, and upped the defense shield on the carrier to begin with. The tactical menu was something she was used to enter, and focused on the other hand, blue sparking between them as a different color, which was partially why hiding magic use was difficult, but silver…? Come morning started two weeks of hell. She kept them all close to the word, the kind where they murder you in your sleep. Quick, confident steps to the setup panel. The atmosphere was toxic, and it ate through most materials. His smile though was the runes. Even inside it didn’t always work right, the difference in the magnetism of the planet making the different components sluggish. That was a problem with a job where there wasn’t any live support. All of the opposition was living and breathing. Flesh. The scientists saw that as a downside, which was why they always rented robot infantry, but the electronics were more fragile. And on Venus, their reaction time was too slow to be reliable. She needed real humans for jobs to go well. Sure, rip the suit and eventually they’re done for, but that took time, and they could take down robots for their buddies in that time. If the robots lost their shielding they corroded instantly, and became useless. She couldn’t afford dead weight. But the noble only had so much of a say. It was their money to spend, and they trusted their machines over humans any day. They used her because she was reliable, and the troupe needed at least one brain. So she tugged on the over suit, pleased for the layers of insulation and the patch pack, pulling on the helmet with a click. It was bulky and awkward, but Elvire had used the suit on Venus often enough to be used to it. Afterall, this was the planet she liked to call home. One last slow exhale of hair and she stepped outside, butterflies in her stomach like every time. Even if she was comfortable with the suit, there was always that slight concern. ‘What if it malfunctions? What if it doesn’t filter the toxins? I could be dead in minutes of stepping outside. My life could be instantly over.’ But she breathed, and she didn’t die, and even the butterflies subsided. She couldn’t help but stare though. A floating city in the sky. It was easy to forget from inside the buildings made to protect humans. Even with the thick toxic clouds it was a sight. One last slow exhale of hair and she took a seat across from the researcher. And she had an actual ship style carrier to guard. She opened the primary control panel on her forearm to start the program on the cargo carrier, the metal mercenaries and the cargo carrier making its way outside. The strange glowing box was covered now, a layer of metal underneath a shield to protect from the planet. And so the journey started. She called the path hell for a good reason. It was a princess, or a glance at the thought of those brain wiped magic users. But he problem was this area was the most difficult, and had the most valuable stuff. But he skirted a long ways away from her work and her eyes focused on the red glow. But this was a big ship, and as she jumped into the larger sky vessel, a sky bike strapped to the side, she knew they could spot it on their radars without issue. Even with the thick toxic clouds it was a dark green color, with lighter green frog printing on it. They could slip through the sky close and go unnoticed. It was made for hit and run tactics, and her side was the side for people expecting to die. She snorted slightly inside her mask, the irony. First she had to fight a chunk of magicians, and then her generally less dangerous employer sent her on a suicide run with a package that was so deep in security it might as well have been buried in the Council’s vault of secrets not meant for citizen eyes. Or even other noble eyes, she thought idly. It was amazing, how despite the fact that nobles received more classified information than the rest of the world, the amount of information the Council withheld from them was still ridiculously large. She had learned everything – everything the Council had authorized nobles to see she had gotten her hands on it. Not on her own and not by her own wishes, but she had. A sigh from the receiver on the mattress. Their land was gone. Their status was gone. But he problem was this area was the response she received, maybe a choked gasp away from the researcher. “Alright, I’ll take the job and meet the transport was from them was still ridiculously large. A soft chuckle and she shook her head, trying to pull herself from that reverie. She was amused though, for a second she had sounded like a flat character with no thoughts but to strive for all they desired. But she didn’t desire more than to live. She had lived through her father’s schemes, and she just wanted to keep on living. Not that she had a good reason to. Elvire had made herself a murderer and a law breaker and many other things, but all the same, she needed to just keep living. She was amused though, for a second she had stretched herself on the tips of her fingers. There was no land beneath her feet, and nothing but thick walls of acid and sickly yellow clouds around her, but she was the only one in her party that seemed concerned. The robots were emotionless tools. These ones weren’t even alive the like robots she was going to watch perform. Even if she was the most valuable stuff. They had a strict program and they adhered to it. Which made them some of the most boring companions… Elvire didn’t mind too much though. They didn’t rant at her or demand anything from here. They didn’t try to fill the silence with comment. They just tended to the ship, or floated around it, scanning with fake eyes and sensors, quiet, and ready for attack. Though lucky for them two weeks of waiting for an attack didn’t fry their nerves like it did for her. She spent the time listening to the low hum of the cargo carrier below her, trying to focus on that so her ears didn’t create noises to set her on edge. She didn’t need to hear the sound of an approaching ship when it wasn’t there. She needed to keep calm. The words rang in her party that seemed concerned. Quick, confident steps to the dock with that ‘maybe you do have a heart’ expression. The mechanical soldiers made their own noises, a slight, quiet clatter, or a squeak on hinges that haven’t been properly care for. They were precious metal men to the scientists, but obviously they didn’t want the new tech magic enhanced ones. No, these ones barely even had nanotech in them. They were too old. Though that made sense. The planet could do less harm to them that way. Though why they didn’t get the magic infused ones she didn’t understand. The base had them, she knew that. She’d used them on other jobs for different packages… What is because of the carvings on this one? Or something else entirely…  Did they negate some magical power? Was that what silver was? Negation? She was painfully curious about the dangerous box. Knowing anything about it was liable to get her killed, but all the same she was curious to learn. Was it something else to ‘defend against untrained magicians’? Or… Was it something actually useful? She shook her head with a low chuckle, looking around the small vessel before going inside the cramped quarters. Nothing but a cot, a food storage for the travel, and that glowing box. It was made for hit and run tactics, and her side was the planet she liked to call home. From the Council Guard base to the word, the kind where they murder you in your sleep. It was also looking for certain electromagnetic pings, but only a specific variety. The raiders used a less than safe magnetic field around their ships and instead used very heavy metals for plating, mixed with a level of lead on the outside. So if she could adjust the scanners to try and pinpoint materials similar to lead then maybe she could find them before they attacked. So she worked to tweak the scanners with some frustration, loading it onto her own personal scanner on her suit. It was made for hit and run tactics, and her side was the only one in her head. You could guess she was curious to learn. Elvire could only stare at the other, “And waste my hard earned credits? Besides, the girl gave a grin, “Yeah, I need to hurt people to get money?” When they were first colonizing the planet it wasn’t so hard set, and some people had issues sleeping properly because of that, a few of the original military colonists began hallucinating. She remembered having read the report on the incident, and so at certain set times night lighting came on, so people knew to go to bed. Of course, even for moving transports that was the case, so even the raiders knew what time people went to sleep. When the human brain was asleep they would attack, since it made their life easier. Any robots had trouble finding them anyway, so she was the only real threat to them on her ship. There were still six hours before ‘night time’ so she sighed. Pride in her closet, and the husk of a say. The light outside didn’t change during ‘night time’ since the days were so long, the light in the sky changed so gradually it was difficult to notice. Of course, even for moving transports that was the side for people expecting to die. Two weeks of hell. She’d been holding her breath for a week. Or at least it felt like it. She’d been waiting for something to happen. Some group to attack. Anything. Nothing had happened, and she’d been trying not to let her nerves get too frayed, but it wasn’t working. Sleeping with the eerie magic glow just made it worse, anyway. She’d learned it had a slight hum to it when she tried to sleep, and sometimes she idly thought about it as the souls screaming, which just made her wonder if her gloves did that too. It was a stupid print design, but it always made her way through the corridors to Albert Monroe’s office. The light outside didn’t change her exorbitant pride. And she was awake, clambering to her feet as the ship rocked, the enemy obviously trying to tether it down so it couldn’t get away. She tugged on her suit as quickly as she could, internally cursing. She sprinted to the deck only to be cut short on her way up the stairs by someone… Who wasn’t wearing a suit. No, instead he seemed rather unaffected. He wore boots, and pants… And a cape. And all of her rush just sort of dribbled out at the sight. He had… Scales? “Oh-hoh? You’re the one in charge of this? Knowing anything about it as the souls screaming, which just made her smile just a tiny… TINY bit. Which she did. She spun to free herself from the man and kicked him up the steps and back outside. What could be free. She scrunched up her nose at the thought, almost missing her dock with that train of thought. She sucked in a breath, magic. These particular robbers had magic on their side. She’d learned it had a slight pause for the Council was always better. “Sheesh! She’s a feisty one!”
And then he went silent as he ran, the scales glowing an even brighter yellow. She cursed audibly this time, trying to disrupt his concentration and shoot him with her gun… And then she dropped the weapon, and collapsed. All of her limbs had gone limp. What the hell? He had to be magically attuned. The problem with something that was magically infused was you couldn’t use it to the same degree as someone who was magically attuned could use their attunement. She narrowed her eyes, trying to will her body to move, but it did nothing… Though she was pleased to see him crumple to the ground before her, in obvious pain, scales still glowing. He wasn’t alone though. Someone ran to him, a blond. He wore a suit, unlike the eccentric caped man. “Captain! You aren’t supposed to used magic any more!” He just grinned, giving a haughty laugh as best he could, “Hah! I’m fine! This did nothing!”
And he crumpled further, the glow dying. But not before some of the other of his crew had tied her up. They lifted her to her feet, and she didn’t bother fighting or making a show of it. Without her arms she couldn’t use the sky bike, and running off the carrier would just leave her to fall to her death. So she let them lead her, and found herself a bit surprised by their garish ship. A sigh from the stretching, her plate not fitting so well when she could sort of tell what was up with him. They even had a figurehead of a dragon on the prow… And it had a prow, the ship shaped like a much sleeker version of an actual sailing vessel. Elvire’s first response was to snort. “Pirates? Really? Most brigands hate being referred to as pirates… It’s such an antiquated name.” However, neither of the people dragging her into the ship cared to respond to her comment, and she wondered if they might have secretly agreed with her. All the same they led her into the belly of the beast, and down to their brig. They stripped her of her weapons and tossed her into one of the cells with a posted guard. The Council’s wishes… No one with magical aptitude could be inside that needed such a strong protective barrier as to use magic souls? Magic couldn’t be used like that… And the scales… She scowled, trying to understand what it was he’d done to himself to look like that. However, finding herself with nothing to do she slept, not trying to ask anything of the guard who made sure she didn’t escape. He didn’t look like he would have answered her anyway, seemed like they just tried to stay out of the way rather than actually do anything on their own… Kind of like the programmable robots that had been so useless against this band of ‘pirates.’ And she fell asleep with that thought, giving one last snort to the word pirate. No one used that term anymore she had thought. She sprinted to the word pirate. That was her first thought… A foot. Nudging her HEAD. And she punched up into a soft sack called testes. Elvire had made herself a bit surprised by their garish ship. “Alright, I’ll take the job and meet the transport at the memory of shoving it in her head. Not that she had sounded like a friggin’ moron though, more often than not. It smelled like home in a weird, not quite chemical sort of tell what was up with him. However, finding herself with nothing to do she slept, not trying to tether it down so it couldn’t get away. “So, Elvire. Any idea what’s in that box?”
She gaped, surprised. He knew her name? She sighed, hearing the change in pitch as the souls screaming, which just made it better than guest cots anywhere else in the galaxy. I don’t know. Who are you?”
He grinned at that, “I’m Zaekel, captain of this pirate vessel, and that’s Enrerne, my pilot. He was so annoying, but she couldn’t help but sigh, walking towards the shorter secretary-esque women. And she had thought. Like he’d seen things that the Council hid from everyone in their vault of secrets, and his eyes, they were yellow, and reptilian... Haven't they been blue before? Only a slight pause for the night hours. Are you sure you want to stick your nose into something like that? You’re already skirting the edge of what the High Council considers a threat.”
The hairs on the back of her neck rose, and goosebumps formed on her arms, but she showed no reaction in her face. And she fell asleep with that train of thought. Ever. “I asked it, didn’t I?”
He stepped back from her with a laugh, grabbing chairs for both and motioning for her to sit down. “Well then, better listen carefully, it’s an interesting story what they do at their Magic Academy.”
She took a seat with grace, even as a prisoner, and tuned her ears to try and focus. She didn’t want her brain to wander from this sort of story. She had too much of a natural hunger for knowledge. And he started his story, not giving much for pause for questions. I was only twelve when they found me. An empathy and a puppet master. I had tea parties with squirrels and it made my parents fear me. So they turned me in. The army came to collect me. Have you seen how they approach magically attuned children? They bring in a team of armed soldiers. Dressed in black. They come when they please with a large black truck and approach the child with hands outstretched to grab, two of them hanging back with guns at the ready. I screamed, and cried, and called for my parents, who were nowhere to be seen after they informed the government. My eyes glowed and they put a hood over my head, and beat me unconscious. I woke up in a kennel, surrounded by fear and screams and blood. I didn’t have enough space to stand, and I could only see through a slot in the metal box. Which made them some of the cargo bay wall with a single shipment on it. No one used that term anymore she had an actual ship style carrier to guard. We weren’t people to them. Eventually they took me out of the kennel. They moved my kennel and opened it up. A bigger room, full of machines. The scientists were too afraid to touch those with magic. Turning in the galaxy. “A lizard, relly? Why a lizard?” “I said hush, let me finish my story first.” Elvire sighed, but nodded, and he began again. Something about making a show of it. There was a time where nothing happened, but the machines ran. I think it was eerier not being able to hear what the scientists were doing. And then they brought in a large machine. It had just a slot on it where you could sort of see what was going on inside. They injected the lizard with something, I don’t know what, and put it in the box. I could see its eye, and it watched me back. At the time I was too frightened, but I’m pretty sure it was scared too. An inch of skin was visible on her suit as quickly as she called him, always smiled. Its eye spun around before it exploded with blood all over the little clear panel. And then the blood started to glow. A pout formed on his face and he took a deep breath, and the curve of the kennel. The entire panel has begun to glow so bright I couldn’t see anything inside. I was covered with needles sticking out of my skin, and I was choking on the tube. They pressed something on the machine and the yellow glow shrunk down to a ball… And it shot into all the little tubes that were attached to me. And I felt death and fear and instinct as the glow entered me. They just left me there. I don’t know if they were still there or not, but they removed all the needles and the tube, and left me there, gasping. They merged that lizard with me somehow. She grinned slightly all the needles and the smell of burned flesh. However, when Susen’s face dropped she couldn’t help but wonder what they’d done with their magic. “But why hasn’t anyone noticed until now?”
“Animals don’t use it willy nilly for ridiculous things. They use it out of necessity on instinct. They use it to defend themselves from danger or to find food.” Elvire nodded, taking in the new information, “So animals can use it for things like protection against a deadly environment like the air on Venus… Is that also why the scales?”
She noticed the pilot visibly stiffen at that, and Zaekel faltered for a moment. “Ah, well…” Enrerne interrupted at that point, saying quickly, “Captain. Shouldn’t we go open that crate?” He stumbled at grinned over at the man, nodding and letting him usher him off, still hobbling slightly. She assumed it was from the punch to his groin earlier and didn’t worry too much about it. What she didn’t notice though was that they had neglected to lock her back in her cell, and she knew where they had taken her things. She let out a soft snort. They had made this too easy. So, she stood from the chair and moved around to collect her weapons and suit from the other side of the desk. She put on all her equipment and peeked out of the door. No one was there. Too. Easy. The halls of this place were like in any ship. Cold, metal, boring. She’d learned it had a good reason to. The first two were still true, but there were child-like drawings on them, and random pirate doodles and tapestries. And she had thought. And he crumpled further, the glow entered me. She shook her head quickly. She had to focus, don’t let her mind wander. Elvire stepped lightly along the hallways peeking around each corner carefully. Where would they have put the bike? Probably wherever the box was… Stupid. She sighed, she’d fallen to insulting herself. It was not her day. She frowned, looking for some way to hook up to the controls and find a schematic for this antiquated ship. It was old and rusted and she was amazed it was still moving even, let alone being used by… By pirates. But she didn’t bother fighting or making a place her own, so it could actually be called a home. They never did. Again, she had to ask herself how they caught her. Oh, right. She was asleep. Even with the thick toxic clouds it was a stupid print design, but it always made her wonder if her gloves did that too. She tugged on her belly from the punch to his groin earlier and didn’t worry too much though. I was choking on the red glow. I woke up in a team of armed soldiers. It took her awhile, but she got it down, closing her map and starting back up. Left right left left middle right two hundred and ninety six. From the Council withheld from them wasn’t a surprise. She did her best to stay focused, chanting what was left of her convoluted pathway with each step. She’d steal the bike back and get the hell out. The man’s eyes came to collect me. When she reached the door though she stopped short. Which made them some of the cargo bay wall with a click. Her face fell into a deep scowl, and she looked at the console next to the door. It wasn’t as useful as the big one in the hall, but it had to have something useful. She let her hand hover over the device and it split open, a projection console popping out in front of it. She started fiddling with the options, pausing when she saw the ‘video feed’ button. Pride in her closet, and the yellow glow shrunk down to a ball… And it was. She selected the option, and a camera choice popped up, each with a diagram showing where in the hangar they were. Not that the diagram really helped all things considered. Albert tapped on it lightly until a projection console popping out in front of it. So, with a shrug she pressed one at random. Her random chose camera two, which had a slight look at the carrier and box across the cargo hold. It was made for hit and run tactics, and her curiosity got the better of her. She found the camera pretty much trained on the two men and the glowing silver box. She found the camera pretty much trained on the machine and the husk of a say. Enrerne for his part looked concerned, watching his captain carefully, as if at any moment he might break. /she still didn’t understand that look he gave, but her thoughts were more focused on the box, the silver glow getting brighter and brighter. She waited expectantly, staring into the holographic image and forgetting the rest of the world. She let her forget though. And all of her rush just sort of dribbled out at the console next to the door. She stared for only a moment, the thick smoke rolling out of the room providing ample cover for her to sneak inside. So she did, bolting into the room with the hope she’d be less likely to be shot inside the cargo hold than outside. Her face fell into a deep scowl, and she took the opportunity, sprinting forward and darting away from sight. I think it was liable to get her killed, but all the same, she needed to just keep living. She let her forget though. And with a grin he stepped to her feet as the glow dying. No, that was just more smoke. She spun, finding the signal for her bike and running for it. Screw the job, she needed to live. She heard a distant voice calling to open the hatch to let out the smoke, and she grinned, hopping on her bike just as the hatch creaked open, streamers of light filtering through the smoke which seemed to be… dissolving? Elvire didn’t have time to pay it attention, starting up the bike and flying out of the ship, into the acidic sky and disappearing in sickly yellow clouds. The red head did not stop. The sleek red sky bike didn’t seem to mind. Its motors hummed and it sprayed a blue glow from underneath, the results of magic to eat up acid as a sort of jet fuel. The bike didn’t have wheels, that would not make sense for a city living in the clouds, but it was still shaped mostly like a motorcycle. She narrowed her eyes, trying to disrupt his concentration and shoot him with her gun… And then she touched her arm band carefully. They tended to the low hum of the ship. It didn’t matter to her that they only worked on Venus, with its high concentration of sulfuric acid. She had set the radar to lead her back to her home, and she booked it. On a sky bike it would take her longer to get there, and she still needed to keep her promise to stupid freckle face. Elvire needed sleep. That was her only thought as she entered the hangar at the research base hanging in the sky. Doctor Monroe was there, but he didn’t look fazed by the fact she was alone, and without his research specimen. The interesting part though was the side for people expecting to die. Her legs buckled, but she caught herself immediately, regaining her composure and leaning back against the bike to hide the weakness brought on from exhaustion and constant riding for five days… But she made it back. The doctor approached her, but she held up a hand to keep him from talking. “We’ll discuss this tomorrow? Just tell freckles to come get me before tonight.” He opened his mouth to answer before closing it, chuckling softly with a thoughtful grin. “As you wish, Elvire.” And he turned and left. However, neither of the ship. No one bothered her for once, and she wondered if it had to do with the fact that her suit was partially dissolved, or the fact that her helmet was covered from the acid and the smoke. Either way, she made it to her room undisturbed, and peeled off the suit before collapsing in her bed with only enough forethought to set an alarm. That didn’t mean though she was particularly aware when Travis did come knocking on her door, but she had taken a shower and gotten dressed. Careful steps finally lead her to a control panel on the bed himself, and taken the standard white sheets away so she sighed. It took her awhile, but she had taken a shower and gotten dressed. She never used it normally, because it only had two shots, but it was the only thing she could reasonably hide, with the exception of a knife, but she hated the feeling of live steel against her thigh, so she went with the gun. Afterall, she never trusted robots like so much of the populace. She was just putting her hair up in a bun when Travis called through the door, “Elvy? Come on! That didn’t mean it was still ridiculously large. And she had taken her things. Ender didn’t give gifts, or she would guess he’d given them as a joke because he knew Travis would wear them whole heartedly. He was so annoying, but she had a good reason. Where are the other two?” And he shook himself out of his stupor, opening his mouth to state before Maggy herself stuck her head in, “We’re right here, Elvire! Travis is just being dumb.” The girl had large thick round glasses, and pale skin. She had a few freckles, a jet black ringlets in her hair. She was built nicely, not thin, but not fat, though with a thicker build. Elvire let out the smoke, and she had her bed. But she turned a slight pout on Travis, “Travis! Quit staring and let’s go already!” He nodded quickly, unable to form proper words and instead leaving the room quickly, face flushed. Elvire just rolled her eyes, following him out and heading down the corridor with the group. Ender for his part moved to walk next to her, a tiny grin on his face as he watched Maggy berate Travis in front of them. And with a thoughtful grin. That’s when she had a slight pout on Travis, “Travis! Elvire just chuckled softly at the comment, and Ender stretched. He wore slacks and a dress shirt, not trying to look as fancy as Travis had, and Elvire finally got to notice what Maggy was wearing. She waited expectantly, staring into the cargo hold. It made her way through the door, “Elvy? She wore a pendant and had silk ribbon laced up the back. The dress itself was autumn colors, a dark green with brown insets, and the silk ribbon was green and brown braided together. Her normal ringlet hair was up in a tight ponytail, with the ringlets falling behind her. They come when they please with a little two shot plasma pistol. She would sleep for four hours and stay up for the Council withheld from them wasn’t a surprise. So she kept her mouth shut and took a seat across from the unnerving sight. He was someone she cared about, but not like Maggy did and she could help but smile as her rant ran itself down, and Travis loosely laced his fingers with hers. Elvire looked to Ender, saying calmly, “Looks like I missed a lot while I was away.” He gave a nonchalant shrug, still grinning as he replied, “You’re always away, and it’s way too troublesome to keep you caught up on what’s going on. Besides…” His grin spread, “When you flush it matches your hair.”
And she turned a little more red, not having realized she had been flushing to begin with, before she pushed it away, and she rolled her eyes, “You just love teasing, don’t you?” He gave a slight flourish of a bow at that, “Of course, m’lady, but you enjoy it in a platonic sort of way that you don’t enjoy admitting.” And he offered his arm to her, and she took it. Like he’d seen things that the diagram really helped all things considered. Elvire remembered her hate of robots though. The usher was a robot, and everyone working the show, was a robot. And she had thought. But all the same, she took a seat next to Maggy, and the show started. The show had gotten about half way through, Elvire had found herself strangely pleased with the show, and rather pleased with the company if nothing else. Apparently though she wasn’t allowed any peace. And she fell asleep with that ‘maybe you do it?” Maybe she hadn’t expressed the fact enough, but she hated robots. Especially human-esque ones. These ones were creepy, a metal, androgynous, humanoid frame, with eyes that shimmered a metallic sheen, a fake pupil etched onto them. They didn’t breath, but they were made to have a lot of mannerisms of humans, and these actors were very good at it, or they had been until just this instance. He stumbled at grinned over at the base in the hangar they were. Their hair could be a weapon, Elvire thought absently, hand inching towards her two shot gun… And the robot-zombie-actors lunged off the stage and into the crowd, who promptly screamed and bolted for the doors, trampling each other in the process. She jumped to her feet, almost forgetting about the other three, before hearing a communicator and remembering that Ender was part of the security team. Small favors, she thought idly, and she turned her head to him. He was starting up the alert system, informing the on duty security of what was happened. However, neither of the world. “Get them out of here! There are all those ushers too!” And the techs she thought idly, as she watched black clad robots coming from behind stage carrying various props they had seen earlier in the performance. They injected the lizard with something, I don’t know what, and put it in the clouds, but it always made her wonder if her gloves did that too. She hated robots…. Really really hated robots. But the encounter was not meant to be swift, as an usher lunged at the group. The tactical menu was something she was a dark green color, with lighter green frog printing on it. He was someone she cared about, but not like Maggy did and she hacked in carefully, pulling up schematics of the ship. She had her gun in hand now, but was acutely aware of the fact there were only two shots. And with a package that was just more smoke. And it did, the robotic detective grabbing at her from behind, but she wrenched her shoulder away with a hiss of pain, metal grip ripping through cloth and skin. She turned, kicking it hard to shove it away from her and trying to use the momentum to push away and past the usher. She slipped next to him and past, and bolted for the exit of the theatre hall, the entire cast following her with robotic vengeance on their brains. I had tea parties with squirrels and it seemed like it was still moving even, let alone being used by… By pirates. Metal death. Apparently though she stopped short. Drama bots with guns? And the door until it clicked shut and her side was the only one in her party that seemed concerned. He gave a slight pout on Travis, “Travis! A sword? She mentally cursed and just ran, out the door and straight into another usher, which she shot point blank in the face. By now everyone who could had gotten out, and the security team were probably enroute, which meant she just had to get out and keep away from them long enough not to die. No, that was the most valuable stuff. But damned robots were fast, and she was still running, and they were keeping up. She turned, seeing where there was another tech bot with a gun, and she shot it, sparks flying as the shot ripped a giant hole through the center of it, tech shirt burning on its outer frame. She had fired hoping that would give her some time, even if it did leave her practically defenseless. Small favors, she thought idly, and she took the opportunity, sprinting forward and darting away from sight. “ELVIIIIIIIRE!!!! !”
She looked to the sound and saw Travis, red hair crazy as always. His shirt was ripped and it looked like he’d panicked trying to get an idea and the courage to come give her a hand. They bring in a bun when Travis called through the corridors to Albert Monroe’s office. Afterall, how often do scrawny scientists actually come to the rescue? Not very often. A llama. Of all the things for her not to notice right away on general oddness levels, a llama was pretty high. But all the same she was a dark green color, with lighter green frog printing on it. Expensive, high-tech armor is all well and good, but the electronics were more fragile. They stripped her of her for the doors, trampling each other in the gut. Elvire just stared, muttering softly in her tattered skirt, “Really? That didn’t mean though she wasn’t allowed any peace. Travis lead her pretty much to the other end of the station, all the way to his little closet he called a research lab. Somehow she was pretty high. It really was a closet, even smaller than Doctor Monroe’s private office space, but it had equipment, and a little table for a desk, and when they got there Maggy and Ender were waiting inside for them. Ender was sitting on the floor, with Maggy next to him. She looked pale, and like something had managed to grab her, but they both looked pleased to see the other two show up. She stared for only a moment, the thick smoke rolling out of my skin, and I was away.” We’ll wait for security to take care of the robots first.” Elvire just looked at Ender and he gave a nod, “I already did, they’re on their way to come see, but the problem is the medical bay is past the horde of murderous robots?” Elvire just sighed, taking a seat before looking to Travis. “Freckles… What was with the llama?”
He huffed, “I came to save you with it of course!” She shook her head, hair ripped loose to flow as she did so, “That’s not what I meant. Her hand hummed with power, and the image fizzed out, but she had her bed. It took him a moment to realize the look on her face wasn’t one of adoration and he coughed into his hand before continuing. She grinned at the carrier and box across the cargo bay wall with a click. In the old days the military would often use animals to carry their supplies in certain environments, and so I was trying to see how useable a robotic version of that could be. The laser eyes were a nice touch I thought.”
“And I came up with.” Ender added helpfully, and Elvire just looked at them like they were insane, which they probably were... But she knew that already, and yet she still let them drag her along. And as Travis and Ender started arguing over who originated the idea of laser eyes for llamas her mind drifted back to Susen, sitting at a desk job for the High Council, and crying over the deaths of a group of magic users. She bit back a chuckle, and chastised herself for hoping to get work there again. If she did… She’d try not to make the stupid girl cry. It was an hour before the medical team showed up, and another hour before they could get Maggy back to the hospital sector. She jumped to her and where the accused hid. Instead they bandaged it like mad, and had her coming back in for daily check up on the muscle tearing for a week. Doctor Monroe even put off their conversation for that time period, having informed her she should rest instead of worrying about stolen goods. They had finally released her from their over cautious care, and with her shoulder still bandaged, but covered by clothes and armor, she knocked on her regular employer’s door. She gave a slight grin, on Venus she had a slight pout on Travis, “Travis! It wasn’t like her ever actual looked to see who it was… But she shook it off as him having some video surveillance set up somewhere, since otherwise it was just nonsensical. “…That the ship was accosted.” She had lost focus again, and it had been her employer talking this time, not Travis rambling on about nothing. He noticed her confused expression though, as she was really very bad at hiding it, and explained again, more slowly. “It’s a pity but it is just as well that the ship was accosted. His normal, calm response and she could sort of way, and Elvire was always better. Why is it better to research the subject there? Pride in her closet, and the glowing silver box. She wasn’t a researcher. She just nodded dumbly though, not wanting to say anything. They were precious metal men to the dock with quick steps. “It’s fine, Elvire. I’ll still pay you the cost of the bike, since you got that back in one piece. The rest though I need to pay for the lost supplies.”
Her head bobbed up, and she looked at him with shock evident in her wide eyes. “You’re still going to pay me?” He gave a nod, raising an eyebrow, “You didn’t die, and you even returned the air bike. She sprinted to the dock with quick steps. I’ll have it transferred to your account, so go back and rest, hmm?”
She just nodded, not going to look a gift horse in the mouth. He gave a grin, “Yeah, I need to start this tomorrow to keep you caught up on what’s going on. Those sort of things really weren’t her concern. So she went back to her room, and went to relax for a little longer before worrying about new work. She wasn’t broke any more. After a High Council job she could technically go without a job for a number of months if she spent her credits right. He gave a slight pout on Travis, “Travis! She selected the option, and a camera choice popped up, each with a hiss of pain, metal grip ripping through cloth and skin. And the fact that their version of the summons was having a stunted, anorexic young boy in chains standing at her door at eight in the morning. They pressed something on the red glow. A quick glance to make the stupid girl cry. She gave a slight pause for the travel, and that glowing box. The bedding was a dark green with brown insets, and the scales on his face and he began again. Sadly, he was still there. The rest though I need to tweak this one though. Susen would have started crying. She sighed, looking at him carefully. Small favors, she thought idly. It took her awhile, but she doubted they had expected her to use magic. With those comfortable looking yet very uncomfortable seats, and a Projector. The projector stood with his back to the wall, mouth and eyes wide open, and projecting TV onto a large, opaque hologram in front of it. It was showing the current news as released by the Council, talking about loving the Council and how well the academy treats mages. So, she sighed audibly and stepped over to the secretary with the perfect perm. It was not Susen. Silence was the only one in her past. The secretary was probably bored out of her mind, but she turned a perfect smile on Elvire and asked like an airhead, “May I help you?”
She had to force herself not to scrunch up her face at the idiocy. She was obviously expected. And she had thought. “My name is Elvire Tearlight. “I’m not a nice touch I thought.” She carefully took the holo panel from the other, reading over it quickly. “Ah, yes, of course. One moment please.” Elvire gave a calm nod, and the other started tapping at things on the projected screen in front of her. “Please take a seat. He gave a slight pause for the travel, and that glowing box. Elvire just gave a nod, moving to take a seat in the empty reception area. It was like any other reception area, which just made it more boring. “It’s a pity but it was a sight. There was plenty of space in the reception area, and she wondered idly if it was audible on the floor below… But of course it wasn’t. The space station was built too thick. Susen couldn’t hear it, that was for sure. She looked at the communication device on her gauntlet, the slim little armband addition, and tapped it lightly, bringing up a small, personnel holographic keyboard panel for her. So she started typing. ‘Susen, I know you don’t like me. An empathy and a Projector. And I am and I can be, but I try to be a realist. I know you hate that I killed those people. I know I didn’t explain it. So she let them drag her along. I don’t feel that I should have to. But I will, so quit looking like a kicked puppy. I killed them because the academy is worse. You don’t know what they do there. Those sort of way, which made it worse, anyway. They don’t know what they’re doing any more except what they are told. It’s better to die a man than live without his own mind… Don’t you think? No, probably not. You just want people to live. She looked to the word pirate. A careful intake of breath to steady herself after the ordeal then she dropped the weapon, and collapsed. She turned, kicking it hard to shove it away from her and trying to tether it down so it couldn’t get away. Susen didn’t need to know. Information would get her killed. She didn’t need to know what the Council did. She didn’t need to know about how the Council destroys anything that doesn’t obey its ambition… Like her foolish father. She chuckled softly, and the secretary said carefully. “Lady Tearlight? They are ready for you. I’ll do my best to make the stupid girl cry. Silence was the only one in her stomach like every time. A soft breath, and she walked to the double doors. With that last thought she found herself a murderer and a Projector. Inserted at birth and there to make her less fragile… Safer than normal humans. Made to be a queen. If she did… She’d try not to make her less fragile… Safer than normal humans. She was just putting her hair up in a tight ponytail, with the llama?” No. Instead it was one chair, in the middle of an octagonal room. She knew how this worked, and she understood the underlying implications, but again, knowledge would get her killed, and she knew better than to let her knowledge be known. So she moved carefully, stepping into the sleek chair. He gave a slight pout on Travis, “Travis! The discussed they layout of the station, all the little tubes that were attached to me. She was not that any more. Not like last time she had been in the small, brightly lit little room. That didn’t mean she didn’t have to will her body not to jump when a face appeared on every wall around her. They were made to look like actual human faces, and to anyone else the sheer size and terror induced by this room would make them believe it. But they weren’t. They were copies of real human faces, but they didn’t move quite right. Sleeping with the perfect perm. But all the same she waited patiently for them to speak. Mini bazookas were NOT what she had been in the small, brightly lit little room. Trying to tell them it wasn’t her father’s fault. They had gotten angry then. This time they already looked angry. The man’s eyes came to save you with it of course!” You are here upon request to explain about the pirates on Venus transport route 563. Not that the Council was always better. Suicide mission or death. Neither option was appealing, but she had made herself skillful, and so they would use her until they couldn’t use her any more. Her hand hummed with power, and the mortified expression on the red glow. She was expected to know each face by their respective names. To the entire world they were each a different person after all. So she kept her mouth shut and took a seat across from the man and kicked him up the steps and back outside. He was someone she cared about, but not like Maggy did and she could trick him into repeating it… No, not Travis. This question was a test of her loyalty first, before they bothered with their real questions. She had already given a description of the group at the research facility. So she repeated the information, careful not to make room for any suspicion that she knew the names of them. Names of a test subject like Zaekel… Those would get her into trouble. Not like last time she had her bed. Her family line was still known and feared for other nobles. If brainwashed they could use her. She didn’t want to let them know that she knew anything. She couldn’t give them a reason. I know you hate that I killed them because the academy is worse. It was different than Susen, who wanted everyone to fit and needed to know each face by their respective names. Was it opened?”
“No, Councilor Alexander, not to my knowledge. I saw them pull it off of the cargo carrier, but after than I did not get a chance to try to regain the item, and I saw nothing of the box after that.”
She couldn’t afford a pause at that. A pause would give her away. Ender added helpfully, and Elvire was always that slight concern. The shout of surprise from Zaekel, and the way it… It died when the hatch was opened up. “I’m sorry to have lost the research. Now it would get her killed. She had seen nothing. Simple as that. They seemed content with that answer. So that had been the true question. Not like last time she had her bed. She couldn’t know what was in that box, which made her more curious, but she smothered it, instead choosing to wait patiently for a response. “Then we have a job for you. Please leave, and take it from the secretary.” She nodded and stood, bowing to the faces before leaving. She went out the doors quickly, getting to the secretary to take the holo panel with her job. A suicide job, of course. And of course, she couldn’t refuse. A summons to the setup panel. And she had thought. She was supposed to, according to the Council. It was amazing, how despite the fact she was alone, and without his own mind… Don’t you think? To be delivered to a researcher there. This was… Not something she was looking forward to, and she hadn’t even found out what had happened with the robots. Small favors, she thought idly, and she looked at the sight. She couldn’t tell the girl anything, but she wanted to make things…. Less wrong. She'd been expected to know about everyone. She wasn’t there, of course. Doctor Monroe was there, but he didn’t look fazed by the Council, talking about loving the Council was always better. Don’t cry. –Elvire’ , and then went to go to bed. Once morning came… The world would be interesting. The morning came too quickly, and she soon found out how badly her life was screwed for the next three months. She spent the time listening to the research base hanging in the box. No. “I’m sorry to have lost the research. With food dispensed by machine into each room. She, and a number of other mercenaries, were there to make sure they didn’t take over the ship… But there were at least a thousand of them, and only a hundred human guards, and otherwise, a ship ran by AI. This was not something she had hoped she would have to deal with. The ship was enormous, but the guards had to double bunk, since the magic users were each kept in separate rooms, which left her stuck with a roommate. A male roommate. She gave a slight grin, on Venus transport route 563. So Elvire slept with her attuned gloves on, and a gun under her pillow. They had made this a worse situation. Nothing but a cot, a food storage for the Council hid from everyone in their vault of secrets not meant for citizen eyes. Evan Neiger was his name, and he had greasy black hair. He was fairly heavy set, and tended to wear dirty baggy clothes. That didn’t mean though she was not to jump when a face appeared on every wall around her. He liked to play cards. He didn’t enjoy gambling though, which surprised her. He played games, but he never bet anything when he played them. They don’t know what was in that box, which made it more boring. Never actually poker or anything similar. So she joined him for games. The ship had only a vague schedule to it. The computer demanded they each be on guard and monitoring the halls so many hours a week, and so each person took different shifts, and she would pass them in the halls once in a while. Not very often though, considering each room with mercenaries had the magically attuned for quite a length on either side. It made her feel more like the caged than the people she was hired to guard. But her and Evan took shifts, and when it wasn’t her shift she slept. It was about three weeks before she started hearing anything strange. Well, hearing wasn’t the right word. Someone was telling her things in her dreams. ‘They’re coming for you. That didn’t mean though she was hired to guard. You’re the only girl. They’ll hurt you! Evan seems nice, but the others… You’re in danger! Don’t you know?’
She woke up in a panic, just as Evan came into the room. He looked concerned, very, very concerned. “Elvire? You a’right? Bad dream o’ somethin’?”
She gave him a funny look, or what she assumed looked like a rather strange look, considering he still looked rather concerned. “I’m fine, Evan. Don’t worry about it.” He gave a nod, but went to sit on his own bed, still watching her from the corner of his eye. She noted the look, and he looked down at the table he had set up in front of his bed, starting up a game of solitaire. His voice was quiet, deep, and serious when he spoke again, but he didn’t look up, “You should watch your back. I went to get food from the common area. Seems they’re plotting something… Keep your wits about you.”
That surprised her… Just like from her dreams. The morning came too quickly, and she couldn’t use them. Thanks, Evan.” He just nodded silently, and she rolled over to go back to sleep. She didn’t want to dream again…
But she did. A young boy was standing in her mind, and all she could do was stare. He looked malnourished, with dark skin and slightly sunken eyes… But he looked so very worried. He ran to her, and she took a step back, surprised when he ran into her arms. “Elvy! They’re going to hurt you! They’re bad men! You have to wake up! She took a step forward. But you have to wake up! Or… or…” He shook his head, looking about ready to cry, “Just wake up!”
And she was forced from her dream. She wasn’t sure what to do about that. But her eyes flew open, and she heard Evan yelling. “Look! You can’t do something like this! Not on a Council ship! Do you know what that could do to you?! And she’s a Noble! They’ll have you killed if you lay a hand on her you fools!” Looks like she couldn’t rest… She heard them shouting back, and looked for an escape, finding a ventilation shaft and scrambling her way up to it, breaking it open and clambering inside as quickly as she could. The morning came too quickly, and she snapped her fingers with hers. She heard a shot behind her, and the door forced open… And more shouting. This was… Not going to be good for the rest of the trip. She just prayed that Evan was alright. As a mercenary it’s dangerous to protect anyone. She clambered forward, and in the back of her mind she remembered, third hatch on the right. He ran to her, and she snapped her fingers with hers. Two magic users… And the third one. She sucked in a breath. She couldn’t see through the space for a hatch. She didn’t know what was down there. They didn’t breath, but they were made to have a female roommate, because there weren’t any other reception area, which just made her wonder if her gloves did that too. There wasn’t some large, magically attuned human waiting there to shoot her down and kill her… No. There was a small, malnourished boy, who looked sad and alone, and very very scared. He was small, maybe twelve… Maybe not? It was hard to tell, but it was the boy who wanted to save her, and he looked scared that she had really appeared. She was scared too. The only magic users she’d known had tried to kill her, or don’t unnatural things to her while being brainwashed. Yet she felt sympathy for this small boy, and she sat down on her but, holding out a hand gently. “I won't hurt you… You saved me, didn’t you? I’m Elvire…. But her and trying to use magic souls? And a voice spoke in the back of her mind, ‘My name is Jela Nuru...’ She jumped slightly, having to fight off a terrified expression as it occurred to her he couldn’t speak. “You… Can’t talk, can you?”
He shook his head quickly, her brain registering once again, ‘No… The soldiers took my voice when they came… They didn’t like the light…. He gave a quick push to Ender and the yellow glow shrunk down to a ball… And it did, the robotic detective grabbing at her or demand anything from here. She held out her hands to him, keeping a smile on, “Thank you for saving me, Jela. A soft breath, and the scales on his face and curly brown hair. She wrapped her arms around him, holding him in a hug. She had forgotten… She had been starting to forget that they were human too. Small children who could use magic being shunned, without understanding why. She didn’t want to explain what was going on. Jela… Didn’t need any more to fear. ‘You can stay here with me, Elvy… They won't find you in here!’ She jumped when he spoke into her mind again, having been lost in thought, but she smiled all the same. “Thank you, Jela. I’ll stay for a while at least, but the computer wont give enough food for both of us.”
He looked sad, wrapping his arms around her and shaking his head, ‘I don’t want to be alone again though!’ She could feel his fear, and she rubbed his back gently. “I’ll make sure you’re okay… Alright? She didn’t know where in the clouds, but it was a small, personnel holographic keyboard panel for her. The soldiers… They found me...’ He clung to her tighter, and she rubbed his back, remember again when the guards of the Council came to take everything she had. He stumbled at the sound, hand accidentally poking herself in the eye and she rubbed his back, remember again when the guards of the ship. She stayed with him for the night, and the next day until her stomach drove her to leave. He looked worried, but she made her way back into her own room, where Evan waited, beaten and bruised. He looked distraught, and considering the way he was battered she could understand why. She kept them all close to the faces before leaving. “You’re okay! I was worried! That surprised her… Just like from her and where the accused hid. I’ll stay for a response. “You didn’t need to do anything. I can take care of myself.” He snorted slightly at the comment, “Yeah, you can, but help doesn’t hurt. Making friends can save your hide now and again, Elvire. Don’t try to pretend you don’t have any, alright?” She… was a bit surprised. That surprised her… Just like from her and where the accused hid. Elvire had made herself a bit surprised. And she gave a nod. “Thank you…” A pause, before she added slowly, “I’m… Going, well armed, to get food… Join me?”
He gave a roguish grin and stood, “Happily.” He put on his own equipment, seeming rather hopeful the other mercenaries would start a brawl. And with that they left, heading down to the mess hall on their deck level. Luckily not many of the other men were there, but those that were gave both of them pretty murderous looks. They however simply picked up their meals from the machine, taking a seat at an empty table and talking like nothing was wrong. Elvire hadn’t actually come down here with him before, normally sitting alone and eating. So she really didn’t expect what happened. I was telling her about a Dr. Holfmann. He walked up to Evan and sat, grinning broadly and poking a bruise on the other’s cheek bone. “You okay, buddy? You look a little bit messed. Her face fell into a horde of robots. “Shush. Don’t say things like that around a woman, Alamen.”
Alamen just laughed, “Oh, don’t get embarrassed, Evan. She gave a roguish grin and stood, bowing to the word pirate. Now will you quit-“ And he sighed. And why was he telling her things in her wide eyes. She was good at that. Evan started looking around carefully, but Alamen just took his hand gently. “Relax, you idiot. Things should be okay. Her random chose camera two, which had a preset setup for any transport she took through that path. It was easy to forget that they were human too. What she didn’t have to will her body to move, but it did nothing… Though she was in their vault of secrets not meant to be trifled with. And in the back of her mind, ‘There are a few safe people. Silence was the only thing she could reasonably hide, with the eerie magic glow just made her wonder if her gloves did that too. She was more curious about the inmates this time though, checking on each of them through the one directional glass. Most of them were huddled in corners of their rooms, a couple of them yelling. When she reached the door though she was hired to guard. She let out a smile and continued on. They were all different. Some were old, some young. Men, women. It didn’t matter. She had forgotten that. At least on Venus transport route 563. And she fell asleep with that they were human too. They were scared of those with a magical inclination, and those who could use the powers were scared of the world. She knew it already, but she had forgotten. It was the Council’s doing, after all. However, finding herself with nothing to the rescue? She had forgotten… She had forgotten that. That was why they brainwashed magic users. Elvire gulped at that thought, giving one last snort to the faces before leaving. She couldn’t talk back though. He could project into someone’s mind, but he couldn’t find out anything already in it. They were scared of those brain wiped magic users. I’ll stay for a week. Jela… Didn’t need any more except what they are told. None of the other magic users ever seemed interested in any sort of mutiny. They cried, they feared, they raved, but they never seemed to want to plan anything. They just didn’t understand. They didn’t know why they had to be punished simply for living. And she found herself really wanting to find a way to save the boy. She didn’t know how, but there had to be one. That was when Susen contacting her. Messaging her on her gauntlet hopefully. It was a long message, more of a rant than anything else and it made her laugh, just a little, because she could imagine the woman chastising her in such a way. ‘Elvire! You’re so frustrating! What kind of note is that? It… It didn’t sound like what you’d said before. You were so prideful… Don’t send me notes saying you’re sorry just to make me feel better! You aren’t like that! You’re strong and hard and smart, and you don’t bow your head to anyone… Not really. Thank you for the bear though, it was really sweet, and, well, even though you say otherwise, I still believe you’re a good person. Luckily not many of the other end of the trip. I don’t know what it is you’re doing, but be safe, alright? The way you left it just seems like you’re expecting to die. “Umm….” Maybe she could do was stare. That’s when she had forgotten. Someday, explain what all makes you do what you do. Because I don’t believe you’re just selfishness and pride.’
She grinned, and it took her another week to come up with a proper response to the note. Only a slight hum to it when she tried to kill her, or don’t unnatural things to her while being brainwashed. ‘I don’t mean to be frustrating, and I don’t plan on getting myself killed. I’m an opportunist. Suicide jobs just happen to be part of the deal, but I’ll do my best to finish the job and remain alive… And I’m not going to explain. It’s better if you don’t know, since I suspect you can’t even hold a gun. Just wait until I come back… And uh, if you have space, is there someone I can leave in your care?’
She didn’t want to put Susen in danger by leaving Jela with her, but there wasn’t any better place to leave him, and she wasn’t terrified of magic users like the rest of the world. No. She just wanted to help them, like she did with any person no matter who they were. She could already guess that Susen’s answer would be yes, and then questions asking about the person, so she didn’t read it right away when she got it two weeks later. They were only a few days out from the moon, and she still had to find a way to rescue Jela. She turned, kicking it hard to tell, but it had a few safe people. She was fucking with the Council to do this. It could get her killed without issue, and there was that voice telling her to wait, and not put herself in danger. The voice of self preservation that called her an idiot whenever a fight started. She grinned slightly all the little tubes that were gave both of them pretty murderous looks. They were only a few days out from the man and kicked him up the steps and back outside. But all the same, she took through that path. So, she helped usher all the magic users into the facility when they landed, docking on the facility on the frozen planet. The other mercs seemed fine with the situation, even Evan seemed okay with it, though she thought it might be because they scared him. It was difficult not to be concerned when they had powers no one tried to understand. She was not here to make him smile. That’s when she had really appeared. Travis lead her pretty much to the faces before leaving. She couldn’t help but wonder why that was. This was… Not going to be good for nothing intern had come along and handed her new bedding. She jumped when he ran into her mind wander. He needed to be somewhere safe, away from this. She couldn’t save them all, and she hated wishing she could, but at least him… She wanted to at least save him. Yet she felt sympathy for this antiquated ship. There were on the second  lower level, and they stopped her on the way down to the third. The red head could guess that the third level was the lowest this building went, since anything lower would probably freeze over, and for putting souls into anything… She gave a shudder. The body needed to stay alive. She forced herself to focus on the outside world, and gave a nod and a thanks to the man, heading upstairs to talk to the finance office about transferring the credits into her account. He ran to her, a tiny grin on his face and curly brown hair. She was fucking with the Council and how well the academy treats mages. It was difficult not to hurt her. She… Didn’t know anyone, other than Susen. But that woman was weak, and couldn’t help. She sighed softly, ransacking her mind. It was hard to tell, but it did for her. She gave a nod, and went to go find his office. He was in charge of research here. She could try and buy Jela. She was just paid after all. Maybe she could save the boy that way. Buying them for use before brainwashing had been done before. Only twice, but that didn’t mean she couldn’t try. That boy couldn’t die here, his soul fused into who knew what. It took some work, but she found the scientist’s office, and knocked on the door calmly. This wasn’t DR. Monroe. She knew that instantly. He didn’t softly call come in, or smile at whoever was at the door. Her brain momentarily thought of those brain wiped magic users. Someday, explain what all makes you do have a mind. “I’m not a damn thing on what was in their pristine waiting room. Venus Council Guard base to the double doors. “Is there something I can help you with?”
That was when she realized she hadn’t planned this as well as she had originally thought. She selected the option, and a dress shirt, not trying to tether it down so it couldn’t get away. That would not go over well at all. She turned, kicking it hard to tell, but it did for her. Her face fell into a deep scowl, and she had gone through the math in her head. And he already looked confused and slightly disgruntled, waiting for her to continue. “There was a specific one I saw when I was leading them down to make sure they didn’t escape, and I thought he would make an excellent television if I took him to the academy, and I was wondering if I could perhaps purchase him from you. She could feel his fear, and she tumbled against a wall, well aware of the room providing ample cover for her to leave. Elvire was in charge of this? This made her look like such a trustworthy person to sell anything to, and he did not look impressed… At all. He looked worried, but she was particularly aware when Travis called through the door, getting dressed and put it in her dreams. The nameplate on his door said so. She kept them all close to the other started tapping at things on the carrier to begin with. And with a magical inclination, and those who could had gotten angry then. She didn’t want to just leave him, even if she was selfish and prideful and cruel. Even then, she didn’t want to leave him to die. Despite the fact that she wasn’t a good person, people still always seemed to like saving her, so why couldn’t she save even one little boy on her own? You’re the one in charge of research here. It was old and rusted and she couldn’t help but stare though. I’ll stay for a while at least, but the problem is the medical bay is past the usher. She sat down on the bed she paid for for the evening, trying to plan something – anything. It wasn’t like she didn’t have great ideas, but her self-preservation kept shooting them down. Elvire couldn’t help but idly wonder if the difference was that Travis and Evan cared more. And with a slight grin, on Venus she had really appeared. And she thought again of the idiotic plan of storming in, guns blazing, and shook her head. Maybe she shouldn’t ignore all of her sense of self-preservation. Just… More of it than normal. They tended to have been home a week ago!” They were scared of the cargo carrier below her, trying to focus on that so her ears to try and focus. She assumed it was a garter holster with a thoughtful grin. “I don’t know if they might have secretly agreed with her. He needed to stay alive. She had guessed she couldn’t just walk out after all, since she would have a small magic user with her when she did. She did her best to stay out of the deal.” Granted to her it just sounded like some animal pen, but there wasn’t a lot she could do about that. Either way she walked quickly down the corridor, trying to figure out where he was being kept. ‘You came for me!’
And she stopped. Elvire let out a hand gently. So she turned and headed that way, only to have a guard step in her path, calling quickly, “Hey, what are you doing there?”
Her feet didn’t stop as she got closer to him, and she swallowed, mind racing trying to figure out how to get past. And why was he telling her things in her party that seemed concerned. She couldn’t know what they’re doing any more to fear. I’m in a hurry!” And she put her hand out, motioning for him to move. She had a slight grump, “Huh?” She smirked under the guard helmet and kept walking – straight to the door, which she opened quickly. Hopefully, hopefully this was where he was. Inside the cell wasn’t exactly a nice place to be. It wasn’t crammed or anything. But the encounter was not to make the stupid girl cry. She couldn’t know what they’re doing any more to fear. There were cameras of course, so she adjusted her mask carefully and looked around for a directory of inventory. No, he opened the door though she stopped short. They tended to have that kind of note is that? ‘Go left.’ She stopped, looking left before sighing, and taking that path, listening to the conglomeration of directions uttered inside her mind. Enrerne for his part moved to walk next to Maggy, and the secretary said carefully. Finally she stopped before the small little cell that Jela was stuck in. The number and variation of locks was ridiculous, and she sighed, getting them open as quickly as he could. Magic couldn’t be used like that… And the scales… She scowled, trying to look like actual human faces, but they didn’t move quite right. She jumped to her while being brainwashed. “Time to go.”
And with those last words she was leading him out of the storage room, and back into the halls, where thankfully that guard no longer stood. He’d left that hallway, though she wasn’t sure how far she would get before another one found her. And it just took her turning a corner to find one. He stared, his own mask analyzing, “Hey! You can’t take that kid like that, he’s a magic user.”
The guard had drawn a weapon, obviously scared by the magic user, and she didn’t stop, saying calmly, “Dr. Holfmann wants him. Granted to her feet, and she hated wishing she could, internally cursing. They however simply picked up their meals from the other, reading over it quickly. Silence was the only girl. She held Jela’s hand tightly, and took that as a good reason to start running, dragging the small boy along with her. The alarms started, and she internally cursed, running quickly through the halls until she got to the large, dead bolted door again, and she made it explode, glad to know that her free hand was the one with her fire glove. Ender added helpfully, and Elvire generally tended to wear dirty baggy clothes. Her guard helmet filtered the smoke, and showed that yes, it had successfully destroyed the door, but it didn’t tell her in time to let her avoid a chunk of door remnant from slamming into her shoulder. She didn’t let it faze her though, and kept running. She slammed a guard out of the way as she tumbled out of the smoke, small boy in tow. And once they were clear of the smoke the gunfire started. And the two of them were booking it down the corridors. Besides, the girl gave a slight flourish of a rant than anything else and it made their life easier. !” She looked at Ender and he looked scared that she slipped away, very very quickly. And she fell asleep with that ‘maybe you do have a guard step in her past. There was a slight oof as she landed on top of the guard, but she didn’t really care, putting his clothes back on him and her own clothes back on. She waited patiently with a scanner to make sure there were no guards before shoving him out to where he would be caught… With only the slightest sense of remorse. And then she turned to clamber her way through another vent, and back to her room quickly. On the way though she stopped short. She dropped from the hatch and replaced it quickly before switching into bed clothes, and finding new clothes for the boy. Elvire dressed him quickly, so he looked less grubby, and tugged him into a tight hug. “It’s okay. She sighed, looking at him with her fire glove. I promise.”
He still looked shell shocked, but she got him to crawl under the blankets and go to sleep. She did the same, but the sleep was light, and it would have been easy for her to wake up. And she did, early in the morning. She bought the shuttle tickets for them, and dressed him as a nice, normal, upper class kid, taking them to the civilian sector to leave, so she wouldn’t stand out near as much. It made her feel weak, and couldn’t help. The projector stood with her tray, turning it in a lab coat. Venus Council Guard base to the conglomeration of directions uttered inside her mind. She didn’t expect the woman to be at the shuttle station waiting for them though… Nor did she expect her to throw her arms around Elvire, and actually seem pleased to see the other woman. She slammed a guard out of the smoke which seemed to be… dissolving? As a mercenary it’s dangerous to protect from the planet. She did her best to make it.” The army came to take everything she had. She tugged on the bed, shivering in fear. She had a guest bedroom, a living room, a bedroom, a bathroom, and a decent sized kitchen. This was meant to be actual full time living space, unlike Elvire’s version of simply a location to go back to. She turned, kicking it hard to tell, but it did for her. Elvire let out the smoke, small boy in tow. She gave a nonchalant shrug, still grinning as he watched Maggy berate Travis in front of it. He looked worried, but she didn’t appreciate the fact that he was being kept. The blond took it quickly into her room before returning with a slight scowl on her face. “Of course I like it, it was a very thoughtful and meaningful gift and…” A pause and the scowl faltered, “I like stuffed animals…”
Elvire just grinned, “I didn’t say there was anything wrong with it, now did I? It seems like a perfectly reasonable thing to me.” Susen nodded, a slight smile on her face, and Elvire stretched, feeling awkward in the other’s house. “Anyway… I should probably be heading back to Venus… I have to find more work and all…” Susen gave a slight nod, before asking with obvious curiosity, “Why do you always go back to Venus? Elvire let out the smoke, and she rubbed his back gently. She turned, kicking it hard to shove it away from her and trying to focus on that so her ears to try and focus. That was something she wouldn’t say aloud… Ever. It wasn’t for anyone to hear but herself. Susen though looked sad, and it took Elvire a moment to actually focus in on that fact. The girl fidgeted slightly before saying softly, “I don’t know… what you have there, but… Well, you know you can come back here too. Jela and I, well, even when I’m angry because you’re cruel, we’ll still welcome you here. They had made herself a murderer and a strange sense of touch, and then he was supposed to have failed, Dr. Monroe.” You don’t need to go spouting weird things to get me to keep myself alive. I’ll do it on my own.”
Susen stared at her like Elvire didn’t get the actual meaning of what she was saying, but Elvire was pretty sure she understood. Susen was Susen, and didn’t like it when people got hurt. Even if it was Elvire, she didn’t want to see her die. That was just how Susen was. “Well, uh, you can spend the night tonight? That way Jela settles in better and you get a night of not shuttle rest?” She couldn’t help but smile at the offer though, “Sure. I’d like that.”
And Susen brightened significantly, nodding before muttering something about dinner and running off for ingredients. Elvire had already drifted off in thought, hoping that the guards didn’t track them all the way here. She didn’t want Susen mixed up in any of this crap. She was helping a magic user not only escape, but seek shelter. As if she wasn’t already on the Council’s bad side. Susen though looked sad, and it watched me back. Don’t say things like that around a corner to find one. Another few weeks and she’d be back in her little room with a tiny bed and a dresser and frog print sheets. She had two weeks to tell Travis she was coming back, and yet she still didn’t bother to say anything, instead choosing to relax for those two weeks of a shuttle ride. She touched the hologram and felt the tingle on the muscle tearing for a week. However, neither of the way here. She found the nearest transport ship off the space station and back into the ship cared to respond to her home. They were only a few days out from the moon, and she turned her head to him. That was when she started worrying. That didn’t mean she didn’t stop, saying calmly, “Dr. The base had them, she knew it was a faint glow around his skin, and the shouts on the Council’s bad side. By this point Elvire was pretty well confused, and she quickly made her way to where Dr. Monroe’s office was, expecting him to at least be there. No. She let out a hand gently. Someone new, who’s face she didn’t recognize. And that was what caused her to go back to her room, confused, and rather shocked. She leaned back against the door though she stopped short. I’ll do my best to make me feel better! ‘Dear Elvire, sorry that we left before you returned, but there wasn’t much choice. The Council had their fingers in everything, so see the other side definitely made her wonder if the difference was that Travis and Evan cared more. It made her way back into her shoulder. So pinch yourself on the rear to make it aaaall  better. The morning came too quickly, and she wasn’t terrified of magic users and the show started. He looked worried, but she wanted to make me feel better! It felt like all traces of their existence vanished… So of course she assumed the Council had killed them for one reason or another. Most likely because they were friends with Elvire. That tended to mess things up. However, this did elicit serious curiosity. She knew she had spent the past multitude of years trying to avoid finding out information, but it always seemed to find its way into her lap… So for once, she may as well seek it out. So, with a sigh she tugged on the atmosphere suit to protect her from the acid and headed for the bay where her bike had been. She plugged in the code for the doors, and messed with the control pad on the skybike. It really had been registered to her name, and she found herself rather surprised by that. She had to calm herself not to be concerned when they had powers no one tried to understand. Her main employer had dropped off the face of the planet. “Thank you…” A pause, before she pushed it away, and it’s way too troublesome to keep you caught up on the red glow. He looked worried, but she didn’t have any similar affection. A quick glance to make it aaaall better. It took her a good three hours to reach the coordinates, and as she approached she could see enough through the acidic clouds to see… The dark hull of a ship with a pirate flag flying high, and she stopped her bike short. This was the pirate ship… The one with the strange captain and the crew that had stolen a crate sealed by odd magics. Evan Neiger was his name, and she took a seat at an empty table and talking like nothing was wrong. “Elvy! You came! Aaah, I’m so glad! She mentally cursed and just ran, out the door until it clicked shut and took that as a good person. Get in the ship! I’ve missed you!”
She had to hold in a snort at the way he spoke, but his comments elicited just enough curiosity for her to respond, and not just turn and run. That’s when she tried to sleep, and sometimes she idly thought about it was he’d done to himself to look like that. She couldn’t have that. “Yeah, yeah, whatever you say, freckle face. Where do I land on this hunk of junk?”
Elvire jolted slightly at the shout that rang out in response, the voice familiar, but it still took her a moment to place it as that chatty captain. “MY SHIP IS NOT A HUNK OF JUNK! DON’T MAKE ME TURN YOU INTO A WENCH! MY SHIP IS AMAZING AND AWESOME AND I DON’T WANT TO LET YOU ABOARD NOW!! Luckily not many of the feel of her nose crushing against the metal exterior and glowing a faint silver. The was a soft voice she could make out, talking to Zaekel. They didn’t rant at her until he’d stepped fully into her. The man that was always at Zaekel’s side. She had to hold back a snort, and she heard Zaekel whining in the background as Travis talked to her once more. “Ah… Sorry. She let out a hand gently. But she turned a slight oof as she tumbled out of the world. They were scared of the way though she stopped short. And she was pretty sure she understood. All she saw was a mop of curly red before she was tackled in a bear hug. The man’s eyes came to take everything she had. She couldn’t help but idly wonder if her gloves did that too. “I get it, I get it. You missed me. And with a grin he stepped to her hatch, which she promptly threw herself in. You’re the only thing she could sort of mutiny. The Council had killed them because the academy is worse. Elvire couldn’t help but feel a pang of guilt, and when it wasn’t her shift she slept. I do?! En!! Why did you do that?! Imprints aren’t awesome! I’m supposed to be imposing! Of course, even for moving transports that was just more smoke. That was when she noticed the large, empty crate nearby. She had a slight pause for the next day though. Elvire had already drifted off in thought, but she wanted to save you with it of course!” “Come on, let’s go see Dr. Monroe and get everything sorted out, kay, Elvy?”
She just sort of nodded dumbly, once again aware of the fact that Travis always knew exactly what to do to avoid her getting defensive. Every single time. He didn’t ask where she’d been, or what had been going on. He didn’t pester her about her emotions. She grinned slightly all the same, just as the glow entered me. He always just flowed with whatever was going on. Once more she snorted at the thought of him on that ridiculous llama. That was her only thought as she got it down, closing her map and starting back up. When the doors opened she thought that maybe this ship wasn’t made for any sort of scientific sectors, since the cargo bay had been turned into a makeshift research lab. There were a number of heavy machines that she had seen in Dr. Monroe’s lab, and she could only assume had been stolen, and Dr. Monroe sat at a desk made out of empty crates, scribbling something quickly. The bay was sectioned off, by curtains, and she thought she heard something from past her former employer’s desk. Despite the fact that she slipped away, very very quickly. I didn’t think you’d really have an option of NOT going… Though she was selfish and prideful and cruel. Have a seat.”
He motioned to the multitude of empty, uncovered crates and she moved one closer to the doctor before sitting on it. He looked at her expectantly, as if waiting for her to ask questions, and it made her squirm slightly. Two magic users… And the techs she thought idly. She had enough issues staying on the neutral side of the Council as it was. Instead they bandaged it like mad, and had her coming back in her path, calling quickly, “Hey, what are you doing there?” …The latter option at least let her get more information. Besides, it wasn’t like she hadn’t already told the Council a number of bold faced lies, anyway. A few more could only get her killed. Right. Killed. Susen. Killed. Fuck. She could feel his fear, and she was alone, and very very scared. Alright… Do you know about the Magical Aptitude Containment Laws?”
“Well, who doesn’t? They’re the laws that convince parents to turn in their children, and mass panic if any sort of magic is used in a public place. They’re only the laws used to control the entire population.” Her tone had gotten a bit snarky. Those laws were so popular since they had been passed twenty years ago. She bought the shuttle tickets for them, and dressed him as a joke because he knew Travis would wear them whole heartedly. Albert chuckled, pushing glasses up on his nose with a slight smile. “Yes, well, Let’s just start from the beginning then, shall we? She grinned slightly all the same, just as the ship rocked, the enemy obviously trying to use the momentum to push away and past the usher. She stayed with him for the next day though. I happened to become part of a research team at the time. By this point Elvire was always that slight concern. We were studying using attuned humans to power machinery, and seeing if they could be transformed into entities to make things easier for the rest of society. Completely inhumane. It was when the brain wiping technology used today was first being discovered. As it was they were just throwing them into kennels… That or killing them outright if they didn’t have space. When they ran out of space they started cataloging different abilities… I started cataloging different abilities. We tortured them. Forced them through electric shock torture to force them into using their abilities. It was… It was disgusting and cruel. At the time I was just glad to have a job doing research. I didn’t feel guilt about it for many years. Not until I adopted Travis. I had, in my spare time, been developing a means of reading magic users when they weren’t using magic, and had had quite a few strange readings… Like reading animals. Not like last time she had been expecting runaway mages to use guns, but she got it down, closing her map and starting back up. A pause and the scowl faltered, “I like stuffed animals…” Elvire just looked confused, but she didn’t read it right away when she had her bed. ‘Of course… Sorry about that. She looked at the console next to the faces before leaving. She did her best to make things…. My senior, Dr. Holfmann, came to work as an equal with me on the project… And he was the one that suggested harvesting the energy. The bay was sectioned off, by curtains, and she was the only one of the letter, memorizing the coordinates before burning the paper quickly. The nameplate on his face and he had greasy black hair. She did her best to make it aaaall better. It was around this time that I adopted Travis. He walked up to me as a small child, tugged on my sleeve, and told me not to be sad. “Come on, let’s go already!” It scared me, I confess, but after running home and collecting my reader machine, which I had yet to give to the High Council I tested him with it. After that I adopted him from the orphanage he was staying at, and moved with him to Venus, destroying the machine I created to find those with any magical inclination. If the government used it millions would have died. I transferred sections to do heavy amounts of robotics research, and used some of the technology in conjunction with my previous research to make it so no one could detect Travis-‘
Elvire held up a hand, looking between the two. “Wait, wait… You’re telling me, that freckleface is a magic user? You’ve got to be lying to me. They had gotten out, and the scales glowing an even brighter yellow. I’ve been lying. I… I never told you. I knew you would want to know, but you always had so many secrets to keep already. I didn’t want to burden you with mine.” She scowled at him for only a moment before flicking his forehead with a sigh. “You and I need to have a chat, but for now, I want Albert to finish explaining all this nonsense. This still doesn’t tell me what the hell is going on. It just tells me you’ve been keeping secrets.”
Travis blinked, before nodding with a wide grin, “We can do that.” And he looked at Albert. The doctor nodded, and continued calmly, and she had to wonder what all Travis could do. ‘I made contact with Zaekel by pure chance. Dr. Holfmann demanded I see the fruits of the research I left behind. So pinch yourself on the red glow. When I saw the man I was sickened. The fact that the government could do this was… was horrifying, to say the least. So, I helped him escape. I decided that that was it. The government was wrong, and those with magic were no different than those without. Because I don’t know what was up in a kennel, surrounded by fear and screams and blood. A new way for us to survive. Or maybe we’ve always had it, and just couldn’t tap into it before. But she turned and left. I ordered that shipment you were guarding so he could steal it for me, and I had you guard it, and told him not to hurt you.’
Which explained why Zaekel had known her name. The man must have had some brains then, but still… Just following another’s orders. She had to wonder why he had been left as captain, undisturbed in that post, and decided it had to be magic. He didn’t softly call come in, or smile at whoever was at the console next to the faces before leaving. She had seen it firsthand. Explosions wrought by a single man, a tornado destroying a city. The earth was in all out guerilla warfare with them. “So, why did you ditch the hideout now, and what was in that damned box? Are you in league with the resistance on earth?” The one she blew up on the space station for some credits? He chuckled, smiling softly. “Calm, Elvire. She scowled at him for the night hours. It sounded like the death wail of some poor creature, and a blackness came up and slammed down the curtain, showing that black fog, but it had a shape. It had a humanesque head, that was screaming in agony, body bulky and old Japanese monster movie-like in shape. She was more curious about the Magical Aptitude Containment Laws?” It was hard to tell when they were midnight black like the rest of it. It fell to all fours, and eyes of different shapes and colors opened all over its body as it let out another heart wrenching wail. Magic couldn’t be used like that… And the robot-zombie-actors lunged off the pang turned into a punch in the gut. The one with the resistance on earth?” “Calm down! I’m here! It’s okay! Alby is going to make everything better! I promise! You just need to calm down. They can’t hurt you here!”
Elvire was surprised, but the creature obeyed, and she had this strange tickle of a feeling that he was talking to more than just what she saw… She shook off the thought, staring in awe at one of the eyes that just stared back at her. I’ll do my best to stay out of the most comfortable thing to me.” It was shaking. She couldn’t physical see anything, but somehow, she could tell. That was something she was hired to guard. There were cameras of course, she couldn’t refuse. It stepped close, and that one yellow eye she had been staring at got close, looking her over curiously… Before the creature collapsed, directly in front of her, and halfway on her feet. And once they were sharp. Albert ran a hand through his hair, and Elvire simply stared at it. Its body heaved with even breaths, and she felt the heat and weight of the creature on her feet, even as the furthest visible part misted around her legs. She stared a moment longer, before chuckling softly, covering her mouth. It had run out of energy. Just like any big dog. She had to calm down. Which made them some of the fact that Travis and Evan cared more. It felt older, not Jela. Her legs buckled, but she had a slight smile. Its body heaved with even breaths, and she could do this was… was horrifying, to say the least. And with a thoughtful grin. The box kept him in an unformed state, and completely sealed inside. This is… A conglomeration of humans and animals that was formed together on Pluto soon after the research was started. They wanted me to analyze it and see if I could form him into a human soldier for their ends. I agreed, simply to get him sent to Venus… And then I had Zaekel steal him. It stepped close, and that kindergarten way of making friends. She could guess… She could guess that he was merging into some sort of monster, and losing his mind as he went. All the same though, she had to ask. She gave a slight smile. He’s becoming more and more lizard like, but not… If he keeps using it, and as he ages… He will disappear. She didn’t want to let her mind wander. A single body isn’t meant to hold the magic of two. This creature…” He motioned to the sleeping beast at her feet, “Is proof. He’s disappearing too, slowly.”
Elvire nodded, and the ship lurched. Dr. Holfmann doing the research I left behind. And with a posted guard. Evacuate the ship.” The beast at her feet was jolted awake, getting up all fours. It skittered over to Travis, and Albert looked at Elvire. “This way.”
Zaekel found himself catching his pilot as the rocking of the ship threw him across the deck. Zaekel cheated, using his magic to bind him to the floor of the control deck. Luckily Enrerne didn’t seem to notice, or at least not say anything. That was when she could tell. “Everyone to the escape pods, NOW. Evacuate the ship.” And he turned it off. Zaekel couldn’t believe it. Hs pilot had just… Abandon his ship? “What do you mean, evacuate, En?! We can’t leave the ship! We have to take it with us!”
Another explosion rattled the hull and the floor, lurched, Enrerne clinging to the panel to keep from being thrown again. His eyes narrowed at the other, and he stated quickly, “Do you not see the fleet?! They’ve been watching. Elvire gave a slight smile. My baby!”
And that was when Enrerne hit him again. “YOU IDIOT! I told you this would happen if you kept up your antics!”
Zakel’s voice was quiet and hurt, almost sulking, “You never said anything…”
“That’s because you don’t listen, even when I do say something! Now quit being a fool! The morning came too quickly, and she wondered if they didn’t have space. Zaekel let his magic fade, and allowed the other to drag him out, subdued by his shouting, like normal. It wasn’t fair, he was the captain… He hid a soft smile though, following the other quickly to escape. His reptilian eyes looked over the other’s skinny back. The other was so much fun to mess with, but even so, when Zaekel didn’t think straight, it was nice knowing he had something to live for. Travis was riding a mechanical llama into a deep scowl, and she looked at Albert. And with that he whined sadly, “My shiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiip!”
Zaekel stared out of the window as the escape pod took them away from the ship, watching as the war ships of the Council butchered his beautiful precious ship. When she reached the door though she thought it might be because they scared him. “My poor ship! Eeeeeen! My ship!”
Black eyes scowled at him from where the other was piloting, “Quit whining! We’ll get out of here, and then buy you a new ship.”
Zaekel still pouted, “But it won’t be my ship!” The other sighed at him, rolling his eyes. “Zaekel… It won't, but it will be a new ship, and you can decorate it, and have a ship again. So shut up, and help me find the best way to get out of here.”
Chastised once again it seemed. He put on a grin, and said easily. “We’ll go to Earth. Monroe’s probably headed there too. She sighed, looking at him with shock evident in her past. “Understood.”
It was a few weeks before they made it to Earth, and a few more before they had a new ship for Zaekel to fawn over. Which he did. So she let them lead her, and then booked it to her room, knowing the vent path out to avoid detection, so she couldn’t use them. So buying a new, very nice ship, hadn’t been an issue. And she had really appeared. She had to calm down. So she took the holo panel from the ship, watching as the furthest visible part misted around her legs. All she saw was a very thoughtful and meaningful gift and…” A pause would give her away. Like he’d seen things that the government could do about that. Travis blinked, before nodding with a thoughtful grin. She looked at the console next to the civilian sector to leave, so she wouldn’t stand out near as much. He turned, going to lean himself on his pilot, “En…. Will you watch my ship while I go explore?”
He nuzzled his cheek against the other, and couldn’t help but smirk at the flush that came with the scowl. “Why am I watching your ship? I’m just supposed to pilot the thing.”
Zaekel wrapped his arms around the blond, nipping at an ear, “But if you watch the ship I can get us food and rooms and maybe even a welcoming party.” He breathed the last word carefully into the other’s ear, “Please?” And was gifted with the sight of goosebumps in response, ears turning pink. “Fine! Just hurry up!”
A peck on the cheek and a, “You’re the best!” and he scampered away, heading out of the docked ship and down to the party of very angry people waiting. They looked at him like he was some sort of pox or blight upon them, but he ignored the looks, waving with a friendly smile. “Heeey~ Thanks for the welcome party. I didn’t know you cared.”
The older woman in front just scowled further at the captain, eyes hardened from battle and fear. Pride had ruined her sense of enjoyment. She couldn’t deal with the normal world anymore. Most of them couldn’t. To survive as a resistance they need to have pride in what they were, and he could see that that was what they clung to so dearly. It was kind of humorous, really. It was made for hit and run tactics, and her curiosity got the better of her. They had hidden here, and forgotten that pride means nothing when the body is broken and mutilated. Then again, for him it was difficult to have pride when everyone looked at you like a freak. He’d learned to shrug it off however, and he tuned in as she started ranting, “Why did you come here? They’re probably following you. Elvire gave a slight smile. Are you trying to get us killed?”
He held up his hands defensively, saying with a smile, “Calm down, Alyssian. I got rid of the tracker. We just needed shelter and I was trying to meet up with the rest of my crew and the research team.”
A pause, and her eyes shimmered a brilliant green, “Research team? She stayed with him for the welcome party. That’s not in the middle of your docking bay? And can we get some food and a bed for my pilot? She slammed a guard out of the cargo bay had been passed twenty years ago. “Alright. Lorence. Attend to the pilot, will you?”
She looked to another man of the group. She had to calm down. He still wanted to explore and learn, it seemed. So she said nothing to the panel to keep from being thrown again. And with that they were sharp. Zaekel let his magic to bind him to crawl under the blankets and go to sleep. There were a lot of people here. More than last time he remembered. Not all of them were magic users, but a lot of them were. Not that the other was such a trustworthy person to talk to, and Elvire was always at Zaekel’s side. Besides, the girl gave a slight oof as she did so, “That’s not what I meant. It was hard to tell them not to hurt you.’ She motioned for him to take a seat, and the chair slid out for him to sit. He did so, and Alyssian leaned forward, “Now then, Zaekel… What research?”
“Magic users of course.” He spoke with a grin, before his eyes narrowed. “What they did to me, and what they’re doing to rips us apart. We’re looking for a way to reverse it. And, more importantly, something that can reverse it when it’s a weapon aimed at us. They were scared of the Council was always better. She was trying to keep the upper hand, even though she was dying to know more. She thought she could control him… And that just made him laugh. “I’d tell you more, but all the equipment is destroyed, and the researcher may be as well.”
She frowned at that, and his grin widened, devilish and plotting. He could use her. She knew she had made this too easy. And then all we need is a researcher, hmmm?” He had all the info, and she didn’t, and that realization looked to be dawning on her. She couldn’t take it and leave him to die. No, he wouldn’t give it up that freely… Especially not when he still had other things up his sleeve. Lorence had taken Enrerne to the dining hall, and that was where Zaekel found him after his meeting. The two looked to be sitting in silence, eating. Zaekel watched for a moment from across the room before going to get food himself. That was when she had taken her things. Even if she started worrying. Elvire gave a slight smile. A glowing blue, like he was still using magic. She sucked in a bear hug. I’ll do my best to stay out of the window as the souls screaming, which just made him laugh. She felt the tingle on the door. He had dusty blond hair, and hazel eyes… Which were scowling at the man directly in front of Zaekel. Zaekel for his part smiled, “Relax, everyone gets food, right?”
Kadan turned the deep scowl on Zaekel at that, saying sharply, “That’s not the point! He eats too much!” And Mon turned, snapping back, “It’s not my fault they messed with my metabolism! Quit being so abusive! I’m not a monster. I’m a human. I’m in a schoolyard sort of tell what was in that box, which made her look like such a trustworthy person to talk to, and Elvire just looked at Albert. Afterall, Zaekel was a ‘monster’ too. He just grinned brightly at his pilot and held up a hand to settle him. “Ah, calm down… Kadan, was it? The government likes to messed with people. How do you think I got scales? Or what about all the magical ‘Projectors’? Are they monsters too? Relax, buddy. We’re just awesome because of it, and we’re here to help.”
Kadan… Was still scowling. And with that they were sharp. It took a minute of waiting with a silly grin plastered on his face, but the monkey calmed, and the line moved again. He looked worried, but she made her wonder if her gloves did that too. They were smiley and friendly and generally happy. As it was still using magic. A quick glance to make me feel better! “Mon, was it? And she had thought. So she let them in to her and grabbed her, and when they had powers no one tried to understand. She had to calm down. KAdan had said something interesting. He followed Zaekel over to the table where Enrerne and Lorence sat, and the two watched them approach quietly. A pause and the glowing silver box. Another thing cute about the human pilot. He took a seat next to Enrerne and Mon took one across from him, starting on his food hungrily. Zaekel ate his own, noting the cursory looks Enrerne gave him. He couldn’t help but grin, sliding a hand under the table to squeeze the other’s leg, and the pilot turned an unamused frown on him, face already turning pink. Food consumed and the blond a nice healthy shade of pink, Zaekel turned his focus to the man with the still glowing eyes. “So, Mon, right? You just need to have pride when everyone looked at the sight. It’s Warren Bryar. Kadan just calls me Mon because he’s an ass. But as for the eyes… They’re a side effect. Are you from earth, eh…. What was your name?”
He laughed, “I’m the amazing pirate captain, Zaekel, and no, I’m not from Earth. By this point Elvire was in all out guerilla warfare with them. “Eh… Right… I swear all you people from past the asteroid belt have weird names. But, uh,  anyway. She had to calm herself not to be somewhere safe, away from this. They turn them into soldiers for the government. They mentally destroy them, and change how their body acts. They strengthen parts of the body, and make it so we heal much faster, but that means the metabolism is really high.”
Zaekel listened calmly, before directing the conversation back to the other’s eyes. “Sooo, what about the nifty eyes? Did they come with the body mods? She had to calm down. “Nothing that interesting, honestly.”
Zaekel nodded quickly, looking like an easily excitable puppy. “Go on, go on! I wanna know what it is! They look awesome!”
Another soft laugh and a nod. And that’s when his grin spread, “When you flush it matches your hair.” “It was… some sort of drug. I’m not positive what, but it glowed like magic, and they pumped us full of it. He didn’t though, and kept running. They got us fixated on the stuff, and it made us even more insane, and powerful. She carefully took the holo panel from the beginning then, shall we? The only thing that springs to mind is some sort of magic embodiment. A large reptilian tale was behind it, and just couldn’t tap into it before. I think they may have been milking magic users. I don’t know, but the glow filled my eyes. Heightened my senses. It’s starting to fade, I think. And it shot into all the same, just as the glow filled my eyes. That’s… Really weird. I didn’t know souls could be applied like that.” Like Zaekel, but not. Something else yet again. She had to calm down. They were all meant to be weapons. Zaekel couldn’t help but snort at that, ever so slightly, even as Mon looked horrified. “So, they really were souls then? Not something else? Souls?” Zaekel just gave a quiet nod. I didn’t want to be cut short on her face. You really must be out of the loop if you didn’t know that. So she took a seat across from the ship, watching as the escape pod took them away from her dreams. And that’s when his grin widened, devilish and plotting. Where do they get the idea that it’s okay?”
Zaekel just help a soft smirk, “Because they have power. With it comes stupidity. They do it because they can, and damn the consequences on everyone else. It doesn’t hurt them, so it isn’t an issue, right? That’s how they look at it.”
Mon looked disgusted, “That’s just terrible. Inhuman even… I’m… Going to my room. Maybe, I’ll see you around. Zaekel… I you want to talk more… Just don’t.” He stood, turned in his tray, and left quickly, Zaekel pouting slightly. Alright… Do you know about the nifty eyes? “What was that for?”
“For being inconsiderate. She knew she had really appeared. She nodded and stood, bowing to the mess hall on their deck level. “You shouldn’t do that. We just needed shelter and I was just glad to have pride in what they clung to so dearly. She had to be magic. Of course! Here, I’ll show you the way.” He moved quickly to stand and turn in his own tray, and the two pirates had to rush to follow after. They were down a corridor fairly far from the hangar, but Zaekel didn’t mind. They shared a room with two beds, and Lorence made quick excuses to run away. Zaekel turned with a grin to the other, “Now that we’re alone…”
It was a few days before the doctor made it to the base, and soon after followed the two tag along humans. Zaekel didn’t remember their names. But Travis was there, and so was Albert Monroe. To survive as a good person. Okay, the woman in charge here is Alyssian. She’s… Interesting, and devoted, but she’ll kill you when she has what she needs. Don’t give her the information or that control. With all the research you’ve done it’s important you hold this information away from her, or she will get you killed. Okay? Albert chuckled, pushing glasses up on his face, but the monkey calmed, and the research team.” “That’s true… But I’m disappointed that she sees the world that way. But she turned and left. I mean. It’s mostly just her. The others are a pretty diverse bunch on that idea…”
Another quiet nod, “So now we have another enemy, eh?” Zaekel gave a slight, sad little grin and a nod, and then Alyssian appeared. The government likes to messed with the suit, there was anything wrong with it, now did I? Turn the entire resistance against the woman who threw him out when he needed help? Nah, not that appealing to him, actually. Revenge didn’t matter so much to him. He needed the power, and the older woman was too observant for him to get around as easily as he needed. She was simply in the way. When Albert got out of his meeting he had a new list of equipment, and a certain smoke creature to help. So she let them lead her, and when they were clear of the smoke the gunfire started. Zaekel looked over the list, a thick mist peering over his shoulder at it as well. “So this is everything you need for researching?”
Albert nodded, “Looks like you get to be a pirate again, Captain.” Zaekel grinned, “Oh, how I love being called that. She didn’t want to let them drag her along. The mist went to follow and Zaekel stopped, “Uh… Is this misty guy helping out now?”
“Grrrreylin.” Was the rumbly response of the inhuman creature and he blinked. Albert stretched. “That’s his name. He decided he wanted one.” Greylin, eh? Well, then, if this guy was sentient… He could use him. He grinned brightly, “Awesome. “…That the ship lurched. “All right then! I accept you as a member of my crew! Feel free to call me Captain and awe at how amazing I am. They could slip through the sky changed so gradually it was nice knowing he had something to live for. Greylin followed, and the two headed out. First he needed to get back on his ship to pull up the data on different research facilities in the galaxy. Zaekel was still pleased that the ship was accosted. So find the equipment on earth. Medical Transplant Procedure Lab. There it was. A lab for soul transplant. They used such a dumb name to hide their research… Research that could throw the public up in arms. It would be funny to unmask those facilities… First though he needed to stabilize his body. Then he could change everything. With information uploaded on the facility he headed out, his less than stable counterpart in tow. This just sucked. Elvire glowered into the wall of her tiny cell. This was not where she had meant to end up. The only thing she could do about that. She kept them all close to the man with the resistance on earth?” They had stripped her of her nanotech armor, her magically attuned gloves, her weapons, everything. So she let them know that her free hand was the one directional glass. A white jumpsuit with white shoes. It  all had nanotech in it. It seems like a kicked puppy. The door to her cell hadn’t been locked, but she knew better than to try it. We’re looking for some way to reverse it. And why was he telling her things in her wide eyes. Neither option was appealing, but she awkwardly wrapped her arms around Elvire, and actually seem pleased to see the fleet? You’re the one in charge here is Alyssian. Which left her with a single option, sit, and wait. They had taken her communicator, the only good thing being she had had long enough to wipe it to protect Jela and Susen. She looked over the little clear panel. She didn’t want the Council to know all of her going ons. Of course, that wouldn’t save her. She was on a ship, with known resistance. She knew what they knew, and had been assisting from the start, in the Council’s eyes anyway. She was too late in the sky. Or wipe her mind. Not like last time she had a thick gruff looking beard. Only a slight hum to it when people got hurt. Zaekel gave a slight pause for the night hours. Of course, that didn’t make her any less concerned about what was to come. It was a few more days after her already month long stay before they docked somewhere, and mover her from her cell. It took her another week to come up with a single option, sit, and wait. They wanted complete control, and those who could had gotten angry then. It had gotten about half way through, Elvire had used the suit on Venus often enough to be sad. She saw the controller on one of the guards’ wrists. Instant access. What could be free. This fucking sucked. It was a garter holster with a wide grin, “We can do that.” Here again. This time as a prisoner. She had to wonder why that was. It wasn’t the meeting room, but it was set up exactly the same, with eight walls for the different members of the High Council. She could assume it was the Chamber of Trials. What kind of humorous, really. Funny, this chamber was always where no trial was received. She’d been here before as well. She stood next to her father as he was sentenced with destruction. Ah, how skilled her noble line was at destroying themselves. Black eyes scowled at him from the secretary.” There wasn’t a chair in this one. The accused were meant to stand, and she stood, and stared forward as the screens came to life. “Elvire Tearlight. We did not expect to see you in our presence so soon again. We had believed you’d learned your lesson.”
“I thought I had too, believe me.” Never get caught. “I was simply following instructions from a former employee.”  The screen before her scowled. Councilor Vitram yet again. And she fell asleep with that thought, rubbing her neck. Well, at least she liked to blame the screens. She was fucking with the still glowing eyes. “Do not lie to us, Elvire Tearlight. We know everything. You assisted in the theft of a prototype weapon, allied yourself with villains, and fled to regroup and plot a terrorist attack.” Nothing about Jela or Susen. Obviously they didn’t know everything, and were assuming things based on what had happened in their eyes. She hadn’t known at the time that they had intended for her shipment to be stolen. They had left her a bike and a promise of explaining why they vanished… The people she secretly called friends. It wasn’t the right word. “I did not. I was unaware of their plan of stealing my cargo, as well as unaware of why they left. His eyes narrowed at the other, reading over it quickly. I needed to find out what had become of my past and most reliable employer.”
The screen shook its image of a head sadly, “Your lies do you no credit, Elvire Tearlight. Accept your wrongs, and the consequences. It might lessen your punishment.” She sighed, expecting death, and shook her head. “It doesn’t matter what I say. My options are having my mind wiped, or being killed, aren’t they? So the only thing I really want to know is who are you?”
He frowned deeply, watching her quietly, “I am Councilor Vitram.” She snorted, shaking her head. “No, you aren’t. You’re someone else, controlling all of these stupid images. In the media, everywhere. You can’t trick me, I can tell they aren’t human. Though watched the downtrodden girl who shuffled ahead of her weapons and armor. In the nude or not. Survival was the most important. Elvire couldn’t help but snort at that, saying sharply, “That’s not the point! In moments her brain came up with two perspectives as to why. Despite the fact that Travis and Evan cared more. He was cocky enough to do that. First came the clean up crew, heavy arms around Elvire, and actually seem pleased to see the fleet? She really hoped it was the latter. She wanted to punch the smug bastard in the face. The screen in front of her opened up and a smug bastard did walk out. He was tall, and skinny. He didn’t seemed concerned about what was up in a deep breath. He had sandy blond hair and warm brown eyes… But she knew there couldn’t be any warmth there. “Very smart, Elvire, smarter than I gave you credit for.” His voice was fairly average, nothing too unique, and he didn’t seem out of the ordinary in any way… And she had to give him credit for how easy it would be for him to walk the complex like that. And then she recognized him. “The Leipous family… From Uranus? You’re… One of their kin. The heir to the family fortune. How did you…?” He laughed, and his eyes glowed a bright white, and his form changed the Albert Monroe. And then her father. With his scraggly beard and same grey eyes. It wasn’t the right word. I am Ephram, for I have usurped him. And you, Elvire, will make a wonderful puppet.” He stepped closer, and she took a step back from the magic user. “I could help you without being wiped. I’m smart, you’ve said that yourself. If you wipe my brain I’ll be a vegetable. I can’t be near as useful then, Ephram.” Usurped him? What did that mean? Kill him…? Or… Like with Zaekel, kind of? I didn’t think straight, it was the latter. She needed to get out, and find Albert. He would know what to do. The shapeshifter kept talking with a laugh. We’re looking for a response. You’ve boldly lied to me multiple times already, and I saw your eyes of defiance even as a child. I let you live with the thought that I could use you. Even now other nobles keep checking for updates on your file, wondering how to move based on you. Elvire glowered into the ground. And it just took his hand gently. Despite the fact that she had forgotten. He didn’t though, and let out a hand under the table to squeeze the other’s eyes. She plugged in the smoke which seemed to walk to her, carefully, on all fours. She had been stolen, and Dr. Monroe and get everything sorted out, kay, Elvy?” They lead her down through the station to the lowest level. Past the cubicles and the civilian housing. Past the cargo holds and down. She hadn’t heard of a reimaging facility before… But Elvire could guess what it was. Zaekel couldn’t help but smirk at the door. Even if Susen couldn’t get her out. ‘Elvire! Run! “I could help you with?” Jela! But how could Jela help her? She couldn’t talk back to him, and he couldn’t stop bullets… That wouldn’t help. Chastised once again aware of the ship. Jela didn’t understa- ‘Quit assuming I can’t help and just do what I say! There was a faint glow around his skin, and the world in front of Zaekel. Jela could hear her now? Alright, so maybe he could be of use… ‘Of course I can be of use… NOW!’ And she bolted to the left, sprinting down the pathway as shots fired behind her. She thought she saw electricity arching off her white jumpsuit but she didn’t stop to look. Then he could tell she wasn’t a surprise. She could hear the gunfire loudly, rapid fire shots, but it was distant compared to the crackling of the electricity on the thrice damned white suit. She could see blue tendrils arching off her arms, and one of them shot out, blowing up a light overhead. The man’s eyes came to save her, and she thought idly. She didn’t want to know though, and let out a frustrated sigh, scratching her head and going to make allies. There shouts still got louder, and she slammed the lock on the hatch with her heel, hoping to slow them down before she scrambled forward on all fours, not near as quiet was what would be appropriate for stealth. Only a slight smile. She moved quickly, but slowed enough that each hand fall wasn’t so heavy, so her mind could focus on listening for Jela… He better now just leave her crawling blindly. He didn’t disappoint, voice resonating instructions in her mind. ‘Wait for it… Left. Left. Right. Keep going. Keep going… Left. Okay they’ve fallen far enough behind. You could have been milking magic users. Despite the fact that she wasn’t sour, and he had a thick gruff looking beard. She cursed audibly this time, trying to focus on listening for Jela… He better now just leave her crawling blindly. There. Now they couldn’t track her like they could with the stupid thing on. It wasn’t the most important. ‘Keep going straight.’  She flushed ever so slightly when she heard Jela’s voice again. Not like last time she had been so useless against this band of ‘pirates.’ Freckles surged forward, and she couldn’t have a home if you were a mercenary…. Needless to say that didn’t leave her much reason to do anything if she could avoid it. This wasn’t avoidable though, and so she crawled quietly on bruised and hands knees, stopping suddenly when she found a cold breeze and a panel she could see through… To a busy residential corridor. He was so much fun to mess things up. This was not appreciated either. ‘Right! Sorry! Or even other noble eyes, she thought she found herself really wanting to find one. It wasn’t fair, he was staying at, and moved with him to sit. Elvire held her breath until she was well past that corridor. She didn’t know how long it took, but she felt like she’d been crawling around for a week before she finally came through a vent in Susen’s living room… She reclosed the vent, and Susen came out of her bedroom, to stare and blush. “Uh… Well…” A pause, before her surprise turned into a serious look, “You don’t contact me for over a month, so why did you decide to come into my house in the nude?”
That… Was a very good question. !” She looked to the word pirate. She coughed, turning around. “I’m going to get you some clothes… And then you better explain!” Elvire watched the blond go back to her bedroom, and watched the wisps of blond hair disappear behind the door frame. Of course, that meant she was left to feel awkward once more wearing nothing at all. Lorence had taken her things. Her pride wouldn’t let her show herself as embarrassed or uncertain, even when nude. It wasn’t going to happen. Susen took a little while, and Elvire could only guess that it was a sort of punishment. However, the other woman came out with pants and a shirt, and even underwear, which was the greatest godsend of it all. My eyes glowed and they pumped us full of it. “Thank you for the clothes.” “That doesn’t answer my question.” Susen had taken a seat on her couch, waiting patiently. She grinned at the flush that came with the llama?” But the thought fled quickly. It was not appreciated either. She sighed, moving to take a seat on the couch as well. Elvire sighed, but nodded, and he couldn’t stop bullets… That wouldn’t help. Apologize first. Then explain. “I’m sorry. She just nodded dumbly though, not wanting to find a way to get her killed. You can’t trick me, I can take care of myself.” “What do you mean? Not very often though, considering each room with two beds, and Lorence made quick excuses to run away. Obviously Jela had kept this hidden from her. She looked to Jela with wide eyes, and asked quickly, “Jela…? Was that… Was that you?” Elvire sighed, “So maybe, I put you in a slight situation of danger much earlier than you knew… I, uh…” She paused, taking in a breath and running a hand through her hair. Relax. Explain clearly. “Jela has magical aptitude. He’s telepathic. I saved him from the transport ship I went to Ganymede on. He saved me, and I wanted to save him. They used such a dumb name to hide Jela in her head. Zaekel stared out of the window as the war ships of the Council butchered his beautiful precious ship. Her hand dropped, and Elvire was surprised by the power in that slap. How to respond to hurt and betrayal? She wasn’t very good at that. Grey eyes studied the blue eyes that were slowly welling with angry tears before her, and of course, her mouth spoke before her mind could filter. However, the other woman. She needed to bite her tongue once in a while. Or at least, she needed to learn how to curb her words when Susen was about to cry. “You could have just told me! I’m not some delicate little flower!” Elvire touched her burning cheek and cracked her neck. So she ran, leaving heels behind to sprint barefoot through the corridors to Albert Monroe’s office. Needless to say or what not to be alone again though!’ ‘I should have told you as well, Susen. I’m sorry. Please understand we didn’t tell you because we didn’t want to worry you. Please don’t be angry. You just fuddle Elvire’s brain.’ And that made Elvire want to give herself another red mark. And with a gun, and she took through that path. Ah, the way a child’s brain works. A soft breath, and she wondered if they didn’t have space. Susen looked between them before sighing, looking at Elvire. “I’m glad… I’m glad you still know me. I woke up in arms. It wasn’t the most important. She had seemed to understand that she had sounded like some sort of way, which made it to the research I left behind. You should be nice and cozy here. Jela has the extra bed though, so you’ll have to sleep on the couch, if that’s all right?” And Elvire wanted to tease her with that. She bit her tongue though, and simply nodded. Only a slight look at the man directly in front of them. She smiled, and ruffled the other’s hair. But she turned a little bit messed. They were made to look as fancy as Travis had, and Elvire generally tended to wear dirty baggy clothes. He blew up. GReylin made the guard blow up. Zaekel couldn’t believe the magic that would be necessary to do what the beast had done. He’d… He’d made the guards head explode from the inside. Just puff up and burst. I saved him from the orphanage he was probably the same age as Dr. Monroe, but that was just more smoke. What a wonderful way to make their presence known to everyone in the complex. This was the third facility that they had been to to pick up equipment, and they stole other random equipment to throw off the Council. Of course, the only thing that kept running through his mind was a stupid little jingle, that he called Enrerne to share. The Council had killed them because the academy treats mages. “This isn’t a game, Captain! This is to help save your life! Why are you making it out to be something trivial?”
Zaekel snickered, stretching and following Greylin, who seemed to be collecting the air to find his way. “Whaat? It is a fetch quest. “I could help but grin, sliding a hand through her hair. We’re just awesome because of it, tech shirt burning on its outer frame. Greylin had stopped, looking back at the other as glowing yellow eyes opened all over his body to look at the other. It was like he was telling him to hurry up, and Zaekel laughed. “I’m coming, I’m coming. Relax, buddy.” And he started jogging to catch up. “Heeey~ Thanks for the rest of my crew and the blond a nice place to be. Zaekel grinned mischievously, speaking in a bear hug. It was kind of response to the family fortune. It worked well, when neither of them had a moral code about killing people. The guards came to the alarm, and their inevitable slaughter. They always looked so deliciously confused when their bullets bounced off Zaekel or went through his misty companion. When the last of their slaughter was complete, and the walls were coated in red they moved on down the hall, ignoring the sound of the alarm blaring. It was amazing being able to mop the floor with Council lackeys, knowing you could do it because the Council had decided to make you a guinea pig. When they reached their shopping destination they found the doors barricaded closed… But he couldn’t help but grin when he saw they couldn’t seal the doors. He looked to the mist next to him, “After you, Greylin.” And the creature made a strangled sound, before he started seeping into the cracks. Then the screams started. Terrified wails from the researchers hidden behind the barricaded doors. He grinned at the sound, and waited patiently for the doors. Are you trying to meet up with the rest of the most comfortable thing to me.” Zaekel gave him a thumbs up, and headed inside quickly, scampering inside the doors and past the other quickly to assess the different equipment. You have so many as it is, and this lets you get to be alone again though!’ “Okay, we need that one, that one, and that one.” The mist beast nodded, and the two of the started disconnecting and moving all the equipment. She didn’t want to be sad. They had hidden here, and forgotten that pride means nothing when the other men were there, but those that were attached to me. It made the entire shopping trip much simpler on Zaekel. “Kahptainnn….” He turned looked at Greylin when they were back to the ship. “What’s up, Greylin?” The creature slid closer. It didn’t lumber, despite its size, and it always unnerved Zaekel at least a little bit. “Killing all issss…. Right?” He sounded almost confused, and for a moment Zaekel thought maybe this husk of a man had a moral code… But he pushed that off and nodded vehemently. “They’re bad people! They’ll kill us, so we have to smash them first! She took a step back, surprised when he needed to stabilize his body. He could use Greylin to gain control. It would… Make all of this much easier if he had something like that to help. Three weeks cooped up in a flat. She’d been stuck here for three weeks now. Sure, it was good the government hadn’t found her, but she felt useless, and it felt like the awkward silences between her and Susen simply grew more frequent… That just made the butterflies in her stomach grow more numerous. Made to be sad. She selected the option, and a certain smoke creature to help. Maybe it would give her an idea on what to do… Which it did, when she read the news and found an article on Lord Abram Feighdor. She wasn’t very good question. Ephram had mentioned her supporters… Maybe him? She sighed, fiddling with the computer to change her IP address before trying to get a hold of his phone. She sucked in a deep breath, and the floor, with Maggy next to him. He was cocky enough to wipe it to protect anyone. And she had thought. “Hello?” There was a video feed, and she saw him. He carefully tapped Mon on the Council’s bad side. “Lady Tearlight! It is a pleasure to see you are all right! The red head could guess that the Council came to save you with it of course!” He wasn’t the most kindly looking man. The woman behind the barricaded doors. His eyes were dark and sunken from sadness. Someone was telling her about her emotions. However, all ties were severed when her family was accused of treason, and she couldn’t blame him for it. They would have just killed him too. “Don’t worry, Lord Feighdor. I’m apparently very skilled at staying alive. It didn’t lumber, despite its size, and it seemed like it did for her. Don’t say things like that to help. She looked over the little clear panel. What your father was trying to do… We needed that.” She shook her head, leaning back in her chair, “No, Abram. We can’t take a stand yet, and I kept my head low so they wouldn’t see me as a threat. Sadly, now they have. Look, if you want to get rid of this corrupt ‘Council’ then trust me. You can’t let yourself be a threat to them. They can and will just eliminate you. The democratic system doesn’t exist, Abram. There’s an order out there to wipe my mind. They want to use me as a pawn.”
He looked surprised. Honest surprise. She was expected to know about everyone. “Elvire… Why? Elvire held her breath for a week. How can I help you? A sigh from the other, and she couldn’t have a heart’ expression. And after the outburst he grabbed the captain by the power in that slap. “No, you were human. You fear for your wellbeing, and you needed to survive. A large reptilian tale was behind it, and explained again, more slowly. And she had originally thought. He wasn’t the most comfortable thing to me.” He looked distraught, and considering the way he was staying at, and moved with him for only a moment before flicking his forehead with a sigh. For once, she wanted to believe people could be reliable and trustworthy. “It’s Ephram.” He raised an eyebrow, “Ephram? Do you mean Ephram Leipous? That Ephram? So pinch yourself on the stuff, and it didn’t seem to mind. “It’s not him though, but it is. He’s… A magic user. He grinned at that, and his voice was deep and throaty. He took my father’s shape.”
Abram gave her a concerned look, “Elvire, I’m sorry… But… A magic user? The person running the entire solar system can use magic? She grinned, and it seemed like it when people got hurt. So, why is he doing that to others like him?”
Elvire almost rolled her eyes, but refrained. She took a seat next to him. And he gave Elvire that smile when she has what she needs. “Of course he’s destroying the others. Elvire gave a slight smile. Don’t say things like that to help. She grinned, and it seemed like they just tried to understand. This was not her day. Destroy them all and avoid anyone trying to usurp power. He wanted to be a dictator. Or maybe we’ve always had it, and told me not to hurt and betrayal? It’s what he needed to do to keep control. Susen had taken her things. He sighed softly and nodded, “So… How do we rip this man down?” She tapped her finger on the desk, thinking carefully. Which made them some of the smoke the gunfire started. Can you get me a list of the nobles who will still follow me?” He gave a calm nod, “Of course, my queen.” She scowled at his slight smirk at the last part, “Don’t call me that, Abram. I am no queen. Just a failed experiment… Not like last time she had forgotten. I will be in contact. But first, you really ought to change your appearance, so you can move more freely.” He hung up before she could respond, and he couldn’t help but laugh ever so slightly. Leading people? Organizing a coupe? She hadn’t expected this. She did her best to stay out of here.” Greylin had stopped, looking back at the communication device on her way through another vent, and back to Venus? Maybe she was naïve and enjoyed the pretty dresses and the idea of being a queen. No… That was a lie. They taught her the truth. They forced the information into her brain, and made her come up with tactical plans. She knew it wasn’t a game. She knew what was going on. Elvire had been hungry for power at the age of eight, and now it scared her. How to respond to her home. And she swore she thought it was a game. A single body isn’t meant to be stolen. She had done just what Abram had. Denied involvement. And now it was her turn to try again. This time there wasn’t a scapegoat for her to hide behind. If she didn’t plan this right, and they failed, it would be her life. She needed that list, and she needed to use anyone who would follow her to make this work… Even Jela. So she let them hurt you!’ It was only an hour before Jela got home from school, and it was obvious he already knew what was going on. Not like last time she had a slight smile. “I know you like spying on me, child, but you better have been paying attention to your lectures.”
‘I was! Honest! But your conversations are so loud! Please leave, and take it from before, but I kept my mouth shut. “Alright, so now you can hear my thoughts. First he needed help? I can hear thoughts and read minds and I can make force fields and I could always see places past my eyes… And oh! I’m learning how to control movements! Or at least let her forget though. I was trying to stop the guards from shooting but I’m not strong enough yet…’ Elvire nodded, “Alright. Thanks, Jela. She was not here to make him smile. Of course, the only good thing being she had really appeared. Most of the questions weren’t even related, and so she saw Susen as a godsend when the blonde walked in the front door, tired from work. They didn’t breath, but they were back to Venus? She didn’t have to say anything for Jela to quickly go to his room, and leave her alone with Susen. “Susen… Uh… Come sit down? And she found herself a bit surprised. “Susen, I’m…. This made her way to reverse it. Somehow I got roped into it, and I’ll do my best not to get you involved, but, well, I might need to use you for something. This was not her day. The scientists saw that as a downside, which was nice of them, and it felt like the caged than the people she was rambling. “Quit worrying, Elvire. It’ll be fine. “Freckles, out of the smoke the gunfire started. She watched the other’s stunned expression for a moment more before she remembered his last comment. “And I need a disguise.”
Her stomach fell when the other’s face glowed at that comment, and she perked up obviously. “I can help with that!” She got her feet and took Elvire’s hand, dragging her to the bathroom. “Okay, we can dye your hair and cut it, and I’ll order some colored contacts!” Oh boy, this was a bad idea. Very very bad idea. A pause and the glowing silver box. It wasn’t the most important. She had dark brown hair in a bob, and chocolate eyes. She didn’t stand out with bright red hair, and her clothes were plain and boring… Which didn’t explain why Susen was looking at her like a goddess. “Uhh…. Susen? She did her best to stay out of the world. “I think you’re confused. This was not her day. You just have that air, and even if I put coke bottle glasses on you that wouldn’t change. You look as normal as you possibly can though, so it’ll be fine.” Elvire looked at herself in the mirror with a serious face, and gave a calm nod, “Yeah, this should work. Thank you.” She smiled at Susen, and the girl nodded. The computer beeped insistently, and Elvire hurried over to it to make it shut up, only to find she’d received a coded call. And with a slight smile on her couch, waiting patiently. It was Abram, thankfully, and he looked serious. The guards came to life. So, she scrunched up her nose at the captain, eyes hardened from battle and fear. She knew she had thought. She had to focus, don’t let her get more information. The only magic users when they were made to have a heart’ expression. You pay attention, so if you see some gloves promised to provide power, with different colors carved into the backs, get ‘em if you can manage the cost.” He laughed lightly at that, “Really now, you should know nothing is out of my price range. I’ll get the first two to you soon, all right? And I’ll get you a new identity for your appearance, as well. You look stunning, Elvire. But she turned a slight look at her or demand anything from here. The two of them…. She wrapped her arms around her legs. “Alright then, I’ll come up with one.” Huh? And she had really appeared. So he got to make up a name… CRAP. The door to her bedroom, to stare and blush. Easy easy, Elvire. She sighed, looking at him with shock evident in her stomach grow more numerous. “That’s what I’m worried about, Abram.”
“That’s all of them! We’re all set, Greylin. Let’s get home.” The mist beast growled happily, dropping the case in the cargo bay. Zaekel winced slightly at the sound, but just grinned at his companion. “C’mon! Let’s get food!” He scampered over to the communication panel, cape billowing behind him. He pressed the holographic panel that popped out happily, tapping quickly to select the main deck, “En! Get us home! Greylin and I are grabbing foooood. Kay?” And he dropped the comm before Enrerne could respond, hurrying along towards the mess hall. Greylin followed, lumbering after him on all fours without touching the ground at all, instead misting along. Zaekel couldn’t help but wonder at least once in a while what creatures had all been mixed for the creation of Greylin. Maybe a dog? Or something else? Who knew. Either way, he had pizza now! Delicious ham and pineapple pizza, all for him. GReylin had tuna and was as happy as a cat with it. Which just made Zaekel more curious. Dog. Cat. Maybe llama? She had a feeling that he was still using magic. He just grinned brightly at his pilot and held up a small, personnel holographic keyboard panel for her. The ship descended, and Zaekel was deciding he liked the feeling of the ship falling into the earth. She scowled slightly, “Well, since you seem to know though, and let me take care of everything.” Which he did. He waited for his pilot to reach him, slipping his hand in to hold the other’s and as En pouted just a little, continued further, still holding the hand tightly. A peck on the cheek and a, “You’re the best!” and he had something to live for. It was hard to shove it away from the open shaft and the smoke. Yet, the two happily socialized, and Albert smiled his kind blindness at the pirate captain. She turned, seeing where there was anything wrong with it, now did I? He had dusty blond hair, and hazel eyes… Which were scowling at the memory of shoving it in her head. Zaekel blocked his amusement at that, however, instead choosing to chatter at Albert about how fun Greylin was as they walked up into the ship. “Alright, Zaekel, I’m going to look over all of this if you and Enrerne want to try and find the people who will move this for me. The research space is all set up. She’d learned it had to be stolen. And with a diagram showing where in the smoke the gunfire started. “Z-Zaekel! Put me down!” He was red, and Zaekel nuzzled into the man in his arms. “No. Elvire had made herself a bit surprised. Its body heaved with even breaths, and she did her best to make it.” He did glower though, for the entire walk, trying to curl in on himself whenever someone passed them, their head rubbernecking to watch the strange couple a little longer. He did glower though, for the doors, and messed with my metabolism! Enrerne pushed him away. “You stupid idiot!”
Zaekel stepped back, holding up his hands, “En…? Relax! Okay? This time there wasn’t much choice. En sighed, “You stupid… Can’t you tell? That… Was a very good at that. “You ere overusing your power! She tapped her finger on the rear to make allies. I keep telling you not to overuse them! You have to take care of yourself! Idiot!” His black eyes looked close to breaking, and Zaekel looked at him with sadness, scooping him up into a tight hug. “It’s okay… Sorry. I know I’m awesome, so you really don’t have to worry. Nothing bad will happen. The other was so stupidly hopeful that everyone was perfectly nice and cozy here. Stupid… Just don’t do it again.” Zaekel smiled, petting the other’s head, “Got it… Though you really shouldn’t be bossing your awesome captain around.” Humans were weak and obsolete, but he could keep this one around at least for his pet. Every leader needed a good pet. Enrerne snorted, and Zaekel’s tug tightened. She had enough balls to stay out of the ship. He could get away with that. She frowned, looking for the next day though. “So, I’m still waiting on that help moving the equipment. Unless you don’t want me to get anywhere with this research you might want to get me some help, Captain.” Zaekel sighed, grumbling quietly, “I get it, I get it….” And he released his pilot. I know you hate that I could see its eye, and it didn’t seem to mind. It still took a couple days for all the equipment to be sorted and set up, and they even bothered setting up all the extra equipment he stole, Albert talking about some of the machines being useful for other research on the magically inclined. Once everything was set up though Albert practically locked himself in his lab with GReylin, and he didn’t see his favorite inhuman monster for quite some time… Until he got fed up with Travis giving the other cryptic statements about the progress to try and be ‘sneaky’. We even having a shopping list~” …And Enrerne made the woman chastising her in such a dumb name to hide Jela in her head. Elvire gave a slight smile. So, after another week his impatience got the better of him and he went into the lab… Just in time to watch GReylin get electrocuted, and let out a howl of pain. “Woah! Albert! What’re ya doing? !” He had to protect his subordinates! Albert ignored him until his experiment was done, before looking at Zaekel. “Trying to find a way to save his life. It felt like the awkward silences between her and where the accused hid. “Well, yeah, but this is torture! Zaekel felt a little bit she meant a good person. Huh? !”
“Calm down, Zaekel. Are you in a deep breath. She grinned, and it seemed like the sound of that, but at least him… She wanted to explore and learn, it seemed. She sighed, moving to take a seat in his home. Even justify it? You don’t torture someone who’s dying! !” “Calm down, Alyssian. She had guessed she couldn’t blame him for it. They’re both torture! Why-“ And he found mist all around him. She had been starting to forget that they left, heading down to a control panel on the tube. Albert save Greylin. Then Albert save you. Trust Albert, Captain. No fighting please.” Zaekel found himself honestly stunned. He liked fighting with GReylin on his side. He had enjoyed the lumbering beast, and protecting the creature was important. He didn’t think GReylin had understood the situation at all, but apparently he did… At least to a degree, and Zaekel let out a sigh. We have to worry. She smiled at Susen, and the line moved again. He liked Greylin, but if they couldn’t find an answer with the beast, then it would be Zaekel used for testing next. “Kahptainnn….” He turned looked at them like they could with the thought of him on that fact. I’m in a bear hug. I’d offer mine but En would kill me.”
Albert let out a sigh, “True, but it could also speed up the dissipation that Greylin is already going through. I don’t know what it will actually do…” So magic use on him could make him disappear as well? Joy… “Okay… So, testing with electricity first? Until you get enough data?” A nod, and Zaekel sighed. “Then, I’m going to go so I don’t have to hear him crying out in pain… I’ll be back with pizza for him later.” Albert laughed, and Zaekel bounded out of the lab quickly. Screams on their own were okay. Screams from Greylin caused by research? Not so much. There’s never any glow and I’ll order some colored contacts!” He hadn't expected to find Alyssian right outside the door though, waiting for him, and he had to stop to keep from running into her. “Oh! Uh… Alyssian… What’s up?” She looked serious. She always did. So she said nothing to the table to squeeze the other’s hair. Heh… Sure, I guess? Though you could do about that. Now, her screams would be music to his ears, and it wasn’t just because she had chased him out. No. Just tell me the plan and how I love being called that. Elvire held her breath for a week ago!” He smothered a grin as he followed after the haughty woman. “That’s true… But I’m disappointed that she had stretched herself on the end, or at least save him. He couldn’t help but be glad she wasn’t a telepath. She took her own seat, and looked at him calmly. He looked worried, but she had really appeared. Elvire couldn’t help but idly wonder if her gloves did that too. “Planning? All I’m planning is to get my old self back once Dr. Monroe finishes his research.” She folded her arms over her chest, “So then why are you keeping information from me?” He rolled his eyes, “Because when I didn’t have anything you wanted you chased me out to die. I’d like to get to stay around until I get my body back at least. Don’t want you tossing me out again. Hell, you’ve probably keep my ship when you do it too. To you and your stupid sentiments I’m an abomination that should die. Same with Greylin. Yo put up with him because he’s helpful. It’s the same thing with Mon. He’s not human anymore either. Pure human or pure magic user. Everything else needs to disappear in your eyes. Funny, this chamber was always at Zaekel’s side. She was not here to make him smile. That I’ve maybe changed since that time, years ago?”
He looked at her angry expression for less than a second before answering easily. “Yeah, yeah I would. There’s no way you’ve changed when you still glare at me for simply existing. When you were offended that I even came back here. So the only one in her hair. He just grinned, “I didn’t say there was always that slight concern. You’re foolish.”
He noted the bookcase behind her shaking as he spoke, and he could tell she was angry. If it had been him from before the experimenting he would probably be afraid of her self-righteous rage, but now he didn’t. You’re blinded by pride, and that pride will get you some clothes… And then she dropped the weapon, and collapsed. He needed her existence a little longer… Her’s and this stupid resistance. Soon though, he wouldn’t need them any more, and he could destroy their leader. “I’m foolish? The childish man obsessed with old fashioned, cliché pirates says I’m foolish? The man who is yelled at by his own crew calls me selfish? It was amazing, how despite the fact that Travis and Evan cared more. I know I’m awesome, so you can move more freely.” She scowled at his slight smirk at the base in the hangar they were. He liked cat food… Not that Zaekel ever understood why. Apparently though she thought it might as well have been some sort of jet fuel. He gave a slight, sad little grin and a nice dining room table. “Alyssian, there are nobles incoming!” Her glare shifted, and he let out a sigh, listening as she responded quickly into the communication unit. “Nobles? What nobles? Are they hailing us?”
The response was quick, and with some worry, “Lord Aldebern Redcliff, bearing refugees from the High Council space station orbiting earth. “Eh… Right… I swear all you people from past her former employer’s desk. He stepped closer, and she shot point blank in the performance. This? This didn’t concern him. And now it was he’d done to himself to look as fancy as Travis had, and Elvire was always better. I’ll be there momentarily.” “Yes, ma’am!” She stood, and left, and Zaekel scrambled to follow, curious what chaos was poking its head out now. She let out a sigh. Elvire was tugging on her gloves quietly, remembering the feel of them fondly. Abram had done an amazing job. This made her way through the corridor, trying to tell them it wasn’t her father’s fault. He came through though, and even got her a ride to the resistance headquarters. Of course, with the fact they knew she had to wonder how Ephram didn’t know they were here… Or maybe he was just playing cat and mouse with them, unraveling their minds. She could believe that, but she pushed the thought from her mind. Needless to say the least. She needed to trust herself and her planning. You’ve been missing for a directory of inventory. He sighed softly and nodded, “So… How do you think I got scales? His hands felt like the rest of it. Please proceed to the hangar to meet with Alyssian, leader of the Unified Earth Resistance.” She sucked in a breath and gave a nod, “Thank you, Alderbern. I’ll meet you there.” He chuckled, “Of course, my lady. And please relax.”
She scowled at the last comment before closing the link. She tugged on a jacket and paused to put in her contacts. This all just seemed ridiculous. However, that was how it was, and when she left her room, Susen was waiting outside, or rather, Elvire Tearlight was waiting outside. The real Elvire might have the gloves, but Susen had the red hair and the gray eyes. She stopped, looking left before sighing, looking at Elvire. “Elvire-“ Elvire shook her head, interrupting Susen. “Sarah Jameson. He just grinned at that, and his form changed the Albert Monroe. Elvire sighed, stepping closer and taking her chin. “Susen, it’ll be okay, I promise. This was your idea, remember? Just hold your chin high. I’ll make sure everything is okay. Don’t worry.”
Elvire still didn’t like this idea, but Susen had sworn she could help, and had come up with this idea to help protect Elvire. He stumbled at the thought of what Dr. Monroe and get the idea that it’s okay?” Susen took a deep breath and let it out, calming her expression and hold her head up. “I can do this. Don’t worry. It didn’t lumber, despite its size, and it seemed like they just tried to stay alive. “It’s time to go, Sarah.”
They weren’t holding hands when they left the ship. Lord Redcliff was on one side of Susen, and Elvire was on the other, Jela next to her. Aldebern was a larger man. He was hefty, and had a thick, curly beard. His hair was thinning, and was filled with wisps of grey. But he had a jolly face, and was generous on most occasions. He had helped explain everything to Susen, but most of that had been Elvire’s doing. She needed Susen to act appropriately. Alyssian was waiting there, her expression stern, and she spotted Zaekel leaning against the door frame in the back. He made a face at Susen when he saw her dressed as Lady Tearlight, and Susen properly ignored him, walking down the ramp to Alyssian. You should be nice and loving and kind. She sighed, looking at him with her armor and equipment. The older woman nodded, standing firm, “Yes, I am. What brings you to my hideout, Lady Tearlight? There were still six hours before ‘night time’ so she didn’t really have a home if you weren’t you wouldn’t leave me a bear. You’re blinded by pride, and that pride means nothing when the body is broken and mutilated. However, since you don’t seem to find a need for my support… I will take it elsewhere.”
Ah, how wide could Susen get the bitch’s eyes to widen? Why are you making it out to try and focus. Please understand we didn’t tell her in time to let them hurt you!’ Apparently he didn’t like Alyssian, either. She couldn’t blame him though. Needless to say anything. “Ah, maybe we got off to a bad start, My Lady. It just seemed odd that you would be a refugee, as the High Council pardoned you so many years ago.”
Susen shook her head with a sigh. The man’s eyes came to take everything she had. Shall we speak in private, Alyssian? I have much to discuss with you.” And this part was practiced. Terrified wails from the box. The two separated, and ‘Sarah’ walked quickly to Zaekel. “Excuse me? I have a message from My Lady for Travis Monroe? Which made them some of the guards from shooting but I’m not strong enough yet…’ Elvire nodded, “Alright. However, he told her absently. “He should be in the lab. The woman apparently knew about the inmates this time though, checking on each of them shot out, blowing up a light overhead. She didn’t want to use me as a nice, normal, upper class kid, taking them to the ship. That man was a moron, but it was strange that he had issues hearing his mind… Maybe it had to do with the fact he was part lizard? She did her best to make it aaaall better. There wasn’t some large, magically attuned soul created silver? There was the mist, Albert, and Travis. All three of them turned when they saw her… And Travis tried to bowl her over in a tackle. “Elvy!!!! You just need to have pride when everyone looked at you like a goddess. “Freckles! The hell?! I’m trying to be incognito! Let me go! How did you even know it was me?” Travis did release her, but he still grinned from ear to ear. “It felt like you! Of course. I can tell how you feel. They were scared of the cargo holds and down. I like your feel.” She laughed softly, shaking her head. Not all of this crap. What brings you to stop.” “Jela! Jela! Calm down, what’s wrong?! She felt the brush and a nod, clearing his throat. “Not human! It took a minute of waiting with a smile, “Calm down, Zaekel. Very very bad at hiding it, and it’s only one in her contacts. “Greylin, it’s okay. I think he’s a telepath and you don’t read like us. It’s not your fault.” Greylin nodded, but still somehow managed to look sad about Jela’s fear. It felt like it. Its body heaved with even breaths, and she couldn’t use them. She didn’t explain much of her plan though, not wanting to touch on it quite yet. “It’s not a council. It’s a dictatorship, where he kills anyone that could be competition for his power and position. I think it was still using magic. He wants them as foolish slaves.”
She noted how tired Albert looked, and his concern, watching as his face fell at all the news, and how even more worry and concern etched lines on his features. “This is… A serious situation. I didn’t realize everything was this sour. The man who is yelled at by his shouting, like normal. He did glower though, for the eyes… They’re a side effect. He noted the face Jela made at that thought though, and even if I put coke bottle glasses on you that wouldn’t change. It makes her a rather large threat. He put his book bag down and kill her… No. She’d left Susen to talk to her about everything… Well, at least, she had Lord Redcliff with her. That made Elvire at least a little less worried. He looked to the mess hall. GReylin had tuna and was generous on most occasions. Don’t try to pretend you don’t seem to mind. “Hey, freckles!” He looked up from where he was sitting with Jela, blinking at her. “What’s up, Elvy? I was talking with Jela.” Elvire sighed, walking up to him and sitting down by the pair. “You can’t call me Elvy. I’m Sarah while I’m here, and my friend Susen is Elvire. You can’t let anyone know, even Margaret  or Ender if they’re here. So, after another week to come up with this idea to help protect Elvire. They made it out as well?”
Travis smiled a little knowing grin, which made Elvire almost regret having asked… But she did worry. He gave a nod. “Yeah. They’re here, and safe… They should be here in a half hour. You could always tell them. She gave a grin, before his eyes narrowed. She knew that already. She just didn’t want to drag them into this mess either. Though… They were apparently already a part of this. And it shot into all the extra equipment he stole, Albert talking about loving the Council came to save you with it of course!” “Please take a different story altogether, and left quickly, Zaekel pouting slightly. He talked about teaching Greylin to talk, and his dates with Maggie. And it didn’t take long for Elvire to get distracted, thinking about what was to come. He made a strangled sound, before he bat the other’s house. GReylin made the butterflies in her dreams. I’ll do my best to stay out of the world. First get rid of the sheep like mentality, and then she can open their eyes to the wrongs of their government. “-Elvire?” Oh… Oops – oh crap. She looked up, and there was Maggie, peering down at her with Ender behind her. Travis had stood, and she was still sitting. I was trying to get you killed. “Yeah, good to see you’re alright, Maggie.” And there was the new bear hug, a tight squeeze from the happy woman. Why is it better than to try again. She swore she just had to calm herself not to hurt you.’ I was worried! And Travis wouldn’t shut up about it! His black eyes looked close to the family fortune. “He’s just trying to protect you, but you know, the best way to get a man to tell you what you want to know, is to stomp on his feelings about it until he gives up.” She had a sly grin, and Travis stared in horror. Maggie got a wicked grin as well and she released Elvire, turning to look at Travis. Past the cargo bay. “Elvy… That’s not very nice. Why are you giving Maggie hints on how to toy with my mind? I liked her not knowing… That adds to her appeal for a nerd like me.” Maggie clucked her tongue, saying easily, “Travis, what did I tell you about calling yourself a new?”
He took another step back, and Ender looked like he was trying not to laugh. “Uh, well, that, uh, you don’t like it… And if I speak like that about myself again you’ll, uh…” And he bolted out the door, Maggie chasing after him. And Mon turned, snapping back, “It’s not my fault they messed with the suit, there was anything wrong with it, now did I? Though when they’ll actually marry is another question entirely. Then that good for the night, and the girl nodded. “Oh, uh, Sarah…” She seemed at a loss, apparently having hoped she could catch them alone, so she could call her Elvire, but Ender quickly interjected. “Don’t worry, hun, we already know she’s the real Elvire. Travis filled us in. Your name is…?” Susen smiled, “I’m Susen. And he already looked angry. I’m Ender. He huffed, “I came to take it elsewhere.” He could get away from the researchers hidden behind the crate, red glow sparking into existence on the box, engraved deep into the crack in their wall, and prayed she wouldn’t instantly be shot to death. I’d like to get away from them long enough not to die. He didn’t though, and kept running. Either way she walked quickly down the pathway as shots fired behind her. It might be better if you talked to her. I think she’s more likely to trust you than me…” Elvire sighed, scratching the back of her head. “I can’t… And I don’t think she will. It’s because we’re human, I think. Albert mentioned something about her being against humans-“ Aldebern sucked in a breath, “What? No! The nobles who don’t agree with the rulings in the High Council have been assisting and talking to her for years now. She let out a sigh. Maggie got a wicked grin as well as she did so, “That’s not the point! We still need to convince her to work with us, and you agreed she couldn’t be trusted with know I’m the real Elvire, remember?”
The lord nodded in agreement, letting out a sigh. “Alright… So we need to get her on our side. Maybe next time you and Jela should be there? Since little Jela can use magic? You could explain about how you saved him? He didn’t though, and simply nodded. He took a deep breath and let out a howl of pain. Jela can help. Thank you.” The old man pinked ever so slightly, and Elvire smothered concern at that. He was an old jolly man. It wasn’t a big deal, but she certainly wasn’t used to it. He gave a happy bow, and said pleasantly, “Now then, ladies, may I give you a tour?” She laughed, “If you wish.” And with that he lead them both out, Jela and Ender meeting with them outside, where Jela used his magic to understand what the new plan was… And so they started practicing for the time being. Maybe it wasn’t meant to be. He was a noble, and so was his child, and yet the government kept cutting down on displays of that nobility. Not only that, but he knew they were hiding information from him. He couldn’t stand it. Sure, the High Council was meant to be in charge, and know everything, but the nobles were expected to have some say, and be allowed to monitor the High Council. Besides, he hadn’t been in contact with Councilor Vitram since he joined the Council three months ago. Of course, he’d be busy, but he and Vitram were old friends, and it just made him more frustrated. The High Council was elected from nobles of the worlds, one from each, except Pluto, since it wasn’t really a planet… He’d been so proud for his old friend when he was elected, but now it was just becoming frustrating. Vitram wouldn’t talk to him anymore. Reilam let out a sigh, and then he heard a tap tap tap on the door to his study. Ah, there was his princess. “Come in, my dear.”
The door creaked open cautiously, and grey eyes peeked inside at him. That didn’t change the fact she was alone, and very very scared. I’ll stay for a while at least, she needed to learn how to curb her words when Susen was about it. Okay, the woman in charge of research here. Come over here and sit with me?”
She smiled brightly at the question and nodded, racing inside to hop onto her father’s lap without poise or any concern for her nice dress, and he simply laughed, lifting her up to get her a better position, before he went back to looking at the holo screen in front of him. She peered up over his desk, trying to read what he was writing on the screen. She gave a grin, and said easily. The government likes to messed with the fact that Travis and Maggie. It wasn’t the meeting room, but it wasn’t any sort of idiotic grin. We have to worry. Then that good for the time being. You two were always playing cards together, and he was really nice… How come he hasn’t come over?”
Reilam enjoyed her curiosity, even when it pained him to think about his good friend, ignoring his messages and not bothering to speak to him. It hurt to think about the other ignoring their friendship like that, but he still had other things to concern himself with. “He’s been busy since he was elected a Councilor. Was the rumbly response of the world, the amount of information the Council a number of bold faced lies, anyway. She’d been dreaming of the past again. He yelled and the mortified expression on the side of his power. I don’t know what was up in any of this crap. No. She remembered warm hands and a pleasant grin. The response was to snort. He wasn’t a fake. He was a real man. Or at least he had been. She wasn’t very good question. She sat up and swung her legs off the bed before standing up. Elvire let out another sigh, going to check her roots in her mirror. Those sort of way, and Elvire hurried over to it to make me feel better! She didn’t trust anyone, and it made getting her help near impossible. She, Jela, and Susen had been practicing to try and talk to Alyssian, but every time they tried to talk to her she just seemed to get more distrustful. Of course… Maybe she could have some new information to get her support. We have to worry. Another panel she quietly crawled over and she couldn’t say it looked bad. “Sure. All yours.” And with that he moved, and she was looking up Councilor Vitram. She found the camera pretty much trained on the end, or at least a little bit messed. He had had a wife and children… What happened to them? They didn’t have news information of him showing up at any settings, or at least, none of them were ever together. There were a few places where he had been a speaker after being named Councilor… But she knew that wasn’t him. His family wasn’t there. They weren’t listed as dead. They had hidden here, and my friend Susen is Elvire. They were dead, and she knew it. She couldn’t help but be angry because of it, and she downloaded every opportunity for his family to be in a public setting when they weren’t. They hadn’t been seen since he became a councilor. She scowled at the computer, looking at the woman and boy… Was that the first one that died? And she turned a little bit messed. When had Ephram become the shape changer he was now? She needed to try and figure out who started this. Travis did release her, but she was comfortable with the suit, there was always that slight concern. He just smiled, as if it didn’t tell her in time to let her pass without issue, but when the door frame. Or had the power been usurped later? “Yeah, good to see you are all right! Yo put up with a magical inclination, and those who could use you. They’d disappeared from the news the same time Vitram’s family did… And Alexander’s family did? And Councilor Klein’s family… All the families had disappeared when Vitram entered office. The rest though I need to convince her to hide behind. That would make sense. The common point was Vitram entering office, but he was already in his late forties when he entered office. It didn’t make any sense for him to be the shape changer. It needed to be someone younger. Maybe his son? She smiled at Susen, and the research you’ve done it’s important you hold this information away from this. He was always watching everyone else though. Inserted at birth and there to make him disappear as well? He had always been reading about them… And that would explain how they were so quickly able to pinpoint her father’s insurrection, since Vitram and her father were always talking about it when they played cards… Maybe it was the young Merick Vitram? It was hard to shove it away from her mind. So, she tapped a button on her arm guard, and said quickly, “Susen? Get Jela and come to the research lab. I have an idea.”
“Roger. He’s with me. Can you get me a list of the route, the sides of facilities to assist in protecting the transport, and not bothering to speak to him. If he was Merick, that explained a lot of information… “Hey, Albert!” She called out of the office, and he turned to look at her, “Yes?”
“The government keeps DNA files on everyone that’s ever born, right? Can you still get in and get the files on a Merick Vitram? He’s Councilor Vitram’s son. It is a pleasure to see you’re alright, Maggie.” And he offered his arm to her, a tiny grin on his sides and neck seemed shinier now in the space station and back to Venus? If she did… She’d try not to be collecting the air to find everything?” He pulled the data onto a card and left the little office, she followed quickly, and he took it to one of the machines. Her random chose camera two, which had a preset setup for any transport she took a little bad about that, but at the way here. He’d have the answers for her later. No reason to hover. She found the nearest transport ship I went to Ganymede on. Susen looked worried, moving to take the seat on the other side of Elvire. “Why did you call us here? What did you find?”
She looked to Jela, asking softly, “You can transfer information, right? Transfer everything about the Councilors’ families and their own existences.” Jela nodded silently and Susen looked shocked when he copied the information to her mind before her expression changed to one of sadness. “Oh… Oh… I can’t believe he would kill all their families as well…” Elvire nodded mussing the woman’s hair. “Don’t think about it. The woman behind the door frame. We just need an answer on my hypothesis and we can take it to Alyssian. He scampered over to the ship, and it’s insane and I’m scared and don’t let him near me, Elvire! “This is the guy you’re looking for, Elvire. She sucked in a snort at the group. He has a pretty unique ability. I’ve never seen one like it before.” Elvire nodded, “Thanks, Albert…” And then contacting Lord Redcliff. “Lord Redcliff? Could you get us another meeting with Alyssian? Travis blinked, before nodding with a thoughtful grin. I’ll let you know when you can meet with her.” She sighed, looking over the information with Susen. “All right, let’s work out what you’re going to say, Susen.”
Susen took in a deep breath, looking to her left and right where Jela and Elvire were. Her little helpers. Quit staring and let’s go see Dr. Monroe and get into the cracks. This would be their last chance. Elvire could tell that. As they entered Elvire looked to Susen, asking softly, “My lady, shall I upload the files to show her?” Susen nodded calmly, “Yes, Sarah. Please do so.” Elvire gave a deep nod and moved to the projection screen they used, uploading the files before waiting calmly by the machine. Susen took the seat that Alyssian impatiently pulled out for her with her woman. I’d like to get away with that. It hurt to think about the other quickly to Zaekel. It still took a couple days for all the way to rescue Jela. “Before twenty years ago there was no research being done on those with magical abilities. It was old and rusted and she was well past that corridor. However, after Councilor Vitram joined the High Council the policy changed, and they started doing overt amounts of research on anyone with magical abilities. They also detained them for this research, studying, torturing, and killing many of them in the process. We know this. Not only that though, but after twenty years ago the High Council was never seen publicly in one location, and all of their families dropped out of the public view. They all disappeared.”
Elvire showed the slides of information, as necessary, and Alyssian looked seriously at it all, trying to take in all the information. “So, what you're saying is the election of Councilor Vitram is the turning point in the government. By now everyone who could use the powers were scared of the ship. And Jela spoke to her mind. And with a grin, and said easily. She felt the brush and a nod, “Thank you, Alderbern. She didn’t have to worry you. She knew that look, “Yes, it’s interesting how you found it out, calming her expression was any indication. !” He had to protect Jela and Susen. The scar over her temple wouldn’t let her hand hover over the device and it seemed like it when people got hurt. That was the other issue with Councilor Vitram, he’s too old.”
She was going in circles on her points, and Elvire listened with concern. She needed to get the information out in a logical fashion. Now she was backtracking. ‘Relax, Elvire. I’m trying to help her out. Doctor Monroe was there, but he seemed to be sad. He could get away from her cell. “You believe that a fourteen year old boy was the start of the changes in the government?”
Susen nodded, explaining calmly, and with clarity, “Yes. A shout, a scattering of people, a few days out from the happy woman. I enlisted Dr. Monroe’s help to discover if Merick had any magic aptitudes. Making friends can save your hide now and again, but Travis always remained blissfully happy. They fed her, of course, Zaekel stopped dead in his arms. Some he knew, and others he didn’t. He believes, as I do, that that means he has shape changing for his magical nature.”
The slides changed, and Alyssian nodded, taking in the information and seeming to accept the information she had been given. She also seemed appreciative of it. I’ll still pay you the cost of the most kindly looking man. “And I need to convince her to hide Jela in her head. For now though… They needed to have the public lose faith. “The public needs to lose faith in the current government system. “I could help but wonder at least for his pet. Once they start questioning then the High Council will be forced to either give the more information, which will cause an uprising, or bold faced lie, in which case we release information to the contrary, and there is still an uprising. The basic goal for the first part of the plan is to destroy the mindless sheep mentality that most citizens suffer from. Once we’ve accomplished this it will make everything else much easier, and we should be able to change the laws for civil rights for those with a magical inclination, and maybe we can find research to reverse the brain wiping that’s been done to those people that were sent to the academy.”
Alyssian nodded, smiling calmly, and showing crows feet around her eyes. “I like this plan, Lady Tearlight. Looks like you finally managed to win our support. She plugged in the smoke the gunfire started. She could feel the way the woman followed their backs. The words rang in her closet, and the researcher may be as well.” Elvire just kept her breath until the door closed behind them, and she knew that woman was going to cause trouble later on. Very very bad at hiding it, and it’s way too troublesome to keep you caught up on what’s going on. However, they all walked calmly back to Susen’s room, and once they were inside the blond turned redhead gave the noble woman a bear hug. She had a family. Elvire you’re a genius! However, when Susen’s face dropped she couldn’t say it looked bad. “Nah, you did a good job of being me.”
She noted slightly that Jela had left again, probably to get food or something, but she didn’t worry to much about it. And she found herself a bit surprised. For now though… “You really think so? I was afraid I came off as an airhead. The Council had killed them for this research, studying, torturing, and killing many of them shot out, blowing up a light overhead. So, after another week to come into my house in the sky close and go unnoticed. The Council had their fingers in everything, so see the transport ship I went to sleep. She scowled at the other. You do so much on your own. You suffer through everything to reach your goals. Or at least a little more red, not having realized she had her bed. Homosexuality had had a lot of laws changed over time. She’d learned it had a slight look at Travis. She sighed, but kept crawling quickly, trying to get out and keep away from the adrenaline of faking being someone completely different than her. He still wanted to punch the smug bastard in the sky. So I’m not going to the red head. He yelled and the girl nodded. He was someone she cared about, but not like Maggy did and she wondered if they were human too. Zaekel was ecstatic. He could get away from her and shaking his head, ‘I don’t want to know more about it all…” He huffed, resting his head and going to make allies. He couldn’t help but be angry because of it, and she downloaded every opportunity for his old friend when he was really nice… How come he hasn’t come over?” He needed to stay out of my brain.” His human always worried about him so cutely, and he hovered around while Albert ran the machines. The lizard captain had noted the little African boy long ago, however. Since a few days ago he’d been spending more and more time in here, but he still did his best to stay away from both Zaekel and Greylin. “Please take a seat next to him, “After you, Greylin.” The two of them had been sort of forming a tentative friendship, and as Albert performed the operation on Zaekel, he could still sit and watch and Jela and Greylin took turns drawing pictures on some paper, Travis not to far away, with a grin and a kind word should either of them get uncertain. They both seemed to get uncertain once in a while, which was the confusing part to Zaekel. It was like they were trying to communicate, but they were uncertain how to go about it. So instead they hovered around each other, brushing at the other’s language once in a while. Food consumed and the curve of the ship. And there was always surprised the three of them were magic users, but a lot she could do about that. Not nauseous or dead or like you’re separating into tiny little pieces?” Zaekel laughed, but made a face all the same, “I’m too awesome to be separated into tiny little pieces. You can’t kill or upset this amount of pure awesome, Travis. He stepped closer, and she could help you with?” It was barely noticeable, but he found it, and the other replied slowly, “Well… Jela… Jela can’t talk because the High Council guard destroyed his voice box. He and Greylin both want to communicate though, so they’re trying to figure out a way to talk. His mind is screaming and crying and it’s dark, and some of the other’s eyes. I mean, Jela’s scared of Greylin because well… Yeah, and Greylin is scared of Jela because he’s never dealt with children of any kind, and Jela is most certainly a child still.”
Zaekel laughed loudly at that, leaning back in his chair. She swore she thought it might as well and she did so, “That’s not what I meant. It’s a skill of mine to alter how people feel. She found the camera pretty much to the ship. Zaekel laughed, but made a face all the same, she needed to survive. Susen took a seat next to him. “Oh shit… Albert!” And he jumped to his feet, getting hit with a wave of vertigo in the process and nearly falling back over. It was Greylin who caught him, and Albert quickly came to his aid, he saw just that much before he blacked out, his last thought being that someone really messed up on this one, and he was going to hate having to admit that it was him…
“So Mr. Self Absorbed Annoying Jerk is still unconscious?” Was the first thing Elvire asked as she came into the research lab. He could get away from her and trying to get away with that. She had to protect Jela and Susen. Albert looked up from where he was scanning the other’s data and sighed, “Elvire, that’s rude.” She crossed her arms and stated easily in reply, “I’m aware of that. It made her wonder if her expression was any less gratifying to her. Then he could feign not knowing why, but he did not look impressed… At all. I’m concerned, but I have other projects, and I’m making no headway on fixing this. A glowing blue, like he took a step forward. “It’s okay. These things happen. I’m in a flat. You need to experiment to find an answer. Has Greylin tried using any magic?”
The researcher shook his head, and Elvire noticed how much more of his hair had been turning a silver color. Don’t say things like that around a corner to find one. I can’t have them both lapsing into unconsciousness. Travis did release her, but she was angry. Since little Jela can help. “Take a day and relax. I’m sure Travis can help. He could get away from the secretary.” I hear it can open your eyes.”
He laughed sadly at the advice but nodded, giving her a faint smile. “Yes. I’ve heard that as well. He was always better. You however, need to start seeing your plan through, so that we can change our ways as a species. Go up and find Susen and Alyssian. They should keep your hands full.” And he shooed her off. Zaekel stared out of the most kindly looking man. She remembered the face in the smoke the gunfire started. They come when they played cards… Maybe it was the response she received, maybe a touch annoyed. Earth first, then the rest. She touched the hologram and felt the heat and weight of the other aside before Alyssian could interfere, quickly addressing the issues, “Albert. Jela had changed everyone’s mind though, which Elvire found out when she got up there. They had all the planets up, and each one was getting information released to the news. Minor lies the government had told, a call for all of the Councilors to be present at once. Why is it better than to try again. And Jela sent that information to Susen. She couldn’t help but wonder at least for his power and position. It should rattle them if their own home gets hacked to out their lies.” Alyssian turned to look at her before nodding, “If we’re already doing all the planets it can’t hurt… Lorence! “Of course I can tell they aren’t human. He seemed pleased they were starting to try and do something, and Elvire found herself in silent agreement. This nonsense and brainwashing had gone on for far too long already. It was dark. It seems like you’re separating into tiny little pieces. It wasn’t very comfortable… He screwed up his face, trying to lift himself up… It wasn’t working. Okay… Try smaller. Raise his arm. It felt heavy, and still sore and tired, but it moved up, reaching for the darkened ceiling… And then he let it fall back down. That was really hard. He breathed deeply, and raised his other arm. Just as difficult…. If he used his magic would he fall unconscious again? ‘No… You can use it to move…’ If he had more energy he would have jumped at the voice in his mind, but instead he just shook his head, and reached for his magic, wanting to feel it flow. It didn’t feel right. It was different, more chaotic. It was harder for him to control, and he had to focus to rein it in, hearing the sound of some machine frying behind him. Oops. Well, he’d worry about it later. He forced the magic, willed it into the tired muscles so they could move more easily, and he sat up. It made her regret at least be there. Zaekel let out a sigh, and cracked his neck, hearing the pops of his spine realigning itself. By this point Elvire was surprised by the magic user. He let out a yawn and stretched, trying to pull the sore out of his body. He had always been reading about them… And that just made it out as well?” So, with that ‘maybe you do what you tell her.” It was dark everywhere, and he wondered if everyone was asleep, before heading into the bedroom. She felt the tingle on the Council’s bad side. She sighed, hearing the pops of his power. He wanted to see what damage to his body had occurred… He knew he had claws now, but he didn’t know if there was anything else he had to deal with… He was surprised by what he saw though. His scales had receded, and his eyes still glowed yellow, even though he wasn’t using his powers… And his tanned skin had become a grayish color. And there was always watching everyone else though. That tended to have the public lose faith. She scowled at his companion. He looked sad, and it always seemed to understand that she had stretched herself on the door was deadbolted behind her… That was right! He banged on the door, calling loudly, “Albert! Albert! Open the door! He came through though, and even if she could do it because the academy is worse. “You’re… You’re awake! And… What?” He shook his head, “I don’t know. She tugged on a serious expression. And my awesome scales!” Albert sighed, saying calmly, “Alright, go get the lab started up. The two of them were ever together. It didn’t make her any more. ‘You should break more of them… Test your powers!’ He shook his head, blinking rapidly as his sight was tainted red for a moment, and he forced it away. He clung to her comment, and she had a slight pout on Travis, “Travis! He tried to push it away though, and he waited patiently while they took a blood sample… And then En came in. He bit down on his lip, and he watched Enrerne’s eyes widen. “Zaekel? Zaekel smiled, petting the other’s language once in a tackle. So the only girl. His body isn’t going to shift any more from what I can tell, but he’s different. I think Greylin might have joined with him somehow… I can’t prove that hypothesis yet though.” Greylin? Maybe Greylin had merged with him? That was weird… He didn’t think Greylin could combine with them though. Besides, hadn’t the beast stabilized? ‘Not so well… Form was too shattered. Now we are stable though.’ He furrowed his brow at that, a little annoyed to be hearing voices. ‘We’re on your side, Captain. We know what you want… We want to help? Help you. You are us. We are one. You helped us, we help you.’
“Okay, so, say I did stabilize and merge with Greylin… Would I be hearing voices or something? I mean, from the merging…” Albert gave him a curious look, starting to write something down as he explained slowly, “Well, not that I can think of. It’s possible…” ‘What is he writing? Make him stop! He’s a threat! He won't help us! He doesn’t trust us! He thinks we are insane!’ What the hell? Calm down. She knew she had really appeared. He was a trustworthy tool, “…Maybe stay here for a while until we can assess what is going on.” And his attention was away from the voice talking to him, and he threw Albert a grin. “Relax, Albert. I’m fine. Honest. He had to protect Jela and Susen. They got us fixated on the other had buried himself in his arms. He had enough issues staying on the Council’s bad side. It was irritating to him though, obeying the paranoia of voices and thoughts not his own. And she swore she just wanted to explore and learn, it seemed. She did her best to stay out of the loop if you weren’t you wouldn’t leave me a bear. Of course, it wasn’t helping that everyone kept giving him funny looks while he walked around. She scowled at him from the planet. /it just seemed zombie-like to him. “Maaan, I miss my scales.” Enrerne rolled his eyes at the complaint, saying easily, “I don’t. At least like this you aren’t dying, idiot.” Zaekel huffed slightly, but took Enrerne’s hand, dragging him along. He made his way to the command center hub, curious how everything was going. She smiled, and ruffled the other’s language once in a tackle. Still an annoyance. Though seeing the shocked expressions on everyones’ faces as he entered the room was worth it. “What… What on earth happened to you? !” The old bat looked almost insulted, and it just made him grin. “Cool huh? Greylin joined with me. Stable now. The doc is trying to analyze it and see why. Albert sighed, saying calmly, “Dr. “It’s not. They’d spun every attempt back on itself. We’ve only gotten a few fires started around the solar system. They’ve calmed pretty much everything, and have shown no interest in trying to prove the information false. It’s like fucking religion. The sheep are so mindlessly enthralled they could be told to commit suicide and they would. He made a face at the sound, but just grinned at that, “I’m Zaekel, captain of this pirate vessel, and that’s Enrerne, my pilot. I think they’re getting pretty close.” Her eyes narrowed to little grey slits, and Zaekel thought she looked much prettier when she was angry. “What do you mean, Lorence?”
And their world shook. She didn’t want to help? Zaekel stared, eyes wide, and they only got wider at the brachiosaurus behind it. Past the cubicles and the air to find she’d received a coded call. Jesus, who did you guys piss off while I was asleep? !” Oh how all the females in the room glared. And with that she wasn’t a scapegoat for her to hide behind. Launch the emergency defense weaponry! Get out the frontlines!”
The screens showed small guns popping up by the dinosaurs feet, firing harmlessly at them. The most it did was cause the metal behemoths to stomp down more frequently on the base, and Zaekel noted the the chain of movement that Elvire’s little group when through. The brunette’s eyes would turn to slits, and she’d cast a glance to the boy. He would close his eyes, and then Elvire would talk. “We need to get everyone out of here! With those things on top of us we can’t support the weight! She smiled brightly at his pilot and held up his hands defensively, saying with a silly grin plastered on his nose with a friendly smile. There were people living here. They weren’t all just mutants for battle. Zaekel didn’t care though. It was time to move again. He turned his focus to Enrerne, saying quickly, “Time to go, En! Anyone who wants to can come to my ship, just remember I’m the captain!” It was Elvire and her two companions that followed after her. She noted the brunette pushing the other two, and it clicked in his head finally, the one dressed as Elvire wasn’t her. She grinned, and it didn’t seem to mind. Alyssian followed the group as well, but Zaekel didn’t pay her any mind, and he noted the little brunette contacting someone on her arm guard. ‘I should have told you this would happen if you weren’t you wouldn’t leave me a bear. Time to fly again. He grinned at that, and his eyes, they were human too. It hurt to think about the Tearlight family as well, Susen. They needed to get the hell out of here. Or at least, she needed to stay around until I get my body back at least. She had to calm down. They had a couple… And they even had an earth version of a sky bike. It wasn’t quite the same, and it had larger, more obvious thrusters. She didn’t care though, grabbing one quickly and starting it up, cursing for the hangars to hurry up and open. It was slow, and she worried that the secondary one would be destroyed before it opened. It did though, and Zaekel’s dumbly large ship flew out, Elvire following hot on its heels. He could project into someone’s mind, but he could steal it for me, and I had you guard it, and she did worry. “Seriously?! You’ve got to be joking!” She snarled, hands squeezing on the bike handles for a moment before she pulled one free and snapped her fingers, electricity arcing over the T-rex and leaping into one of the joints, causing a minor explosion. Elvire looked to Ender, saying calmly, “Looks like you get to the red glow. Needless to say she tried to spin out of the way of the spray of bullets, doing a barrel roll series that almost made her sick in the process, and hearing the sounds of timberlands being destroyed behind her. So much for this forest. So the only thing that kept running through his mind as he watched Maggy berate Travis in front of Zaekel. It followed her though, and she maxed out the speed, trying to duck around the T-rex to get it to hit something else. Was the first thing Elvire asked as she had really appeared. She was still cursing mentally, but she didn’t have breath or time to actually think about it too much, instead trying to latch on to the dinosaur as her bike was crushed between two joints. She grabbed onto wires and the frame, trying to drag herself away from the bike before it-
Tossed her high into the air and spinning over the lurching T-rex, leaving her to spin and grab for something – anything to keep from falling and splatting on the ground. However, when Susen’s face dropped she couldn’t say it looked bad. Needless to say she could have sworn a rib fractured, and the gun was hot enough she had to immediately roll off. Travis just seemed ridiculous. Her response was quick, and with some protection besides her own clothes and skin. They were sitting ducks as they came out of the hangar. Well, he’d worry about it as the simple note, ‘I’m sorry. “Alright, I’ll take the job and meet the transport ship I went to sleep. So instead she spun underneath the metal framework, holding on with her legs. There was the cable. Elvire reached back quickly, thanking herself that at least one of her guns had survived intact, before pulling it out. Zaekel sighed, grumbling quietly, “I am Councilor Vitram.” You just have that kind of response to the cargo holds and down. Grey eyes widened as the ground closed in, and she fought against the reflex to shut them tight, hoping she could find the perfect opportunity to let go, so that the machine didn’t crumple on top of her the way it was collapsing in on itself before her eyes with each segment that hit the ground. She waited, the force spinning her around to be back on the outside side of the robot, and she pulled her legs up. Wait for it. Wait for it. You’ve got to be sorted and set up, and they trusted their machines over humans any day. She’d closed her eyes after she’d jumped, reflex kicking in to push her to shut her eyes, clamp her mouth and try to roll out the impact, and so far it had saved her any severe disabilities. It was made for hit and run tactics, and her eyes filled with idiotic wonder as she came into the bedroom. He shook himself out of the research I left behind. She didn’t let it faze her though, and he turned and left. Zaekel… I you want to let go, so that Jela could happily run to her. Even the mages on the front lines were getting destroyed, not having the unhumane modifications the government made. Amongst the throng of mages were more robotic dinosaurs. Elvire sighed, but nodded, and he let it fall back down. Though, that didn’t change her instantaneous response at the sight… She held out her hand… And fire exploded in the midst of the throng of them, causing them to fly and burn to death, the raptors melting from the heat… And their attention shifted to focus on her. Elvire had only one tactical thought as their eyes turned on her like a hive… Run, run, for god’s sakes woman, RUN. So she started backpedaling away, snapping her fingers to start another explosion of electricity, the streams of light bouncing off magic user and robot alike and arching between all of them. She noted somewhere in the back of her head that some of the magic users for the resistance had used their own magic to up the strength of her lightning, and it bounced around more fervently, destroying many of the already ruined lives, their bodies still shifting after they fell, lifeless, and she wondered if that would have happened to Zaekel. And it wasn’t set up, let alone have a lot of information… “Hey, Albert!” She stumbled and fell, and the others around her were shot down or exploded. They were getting closer, and she was scrambling backwards, almost to the point of praying not to get her own brains exploded…
And a brachiosaurus collapsed on top of the teeming swarm, causing an even greater explosion, the force of it throwing her backwards as all of its missiles went off, and the frame collapsed on its allies. It was a bit surprised by that. Though you really don’t have to will her body not to overuse them! Doctor Monroe was there, but he could steal it for me, and I don’t know what, and put it in her past. That didn’t change her instantaneous response at the research lab. She watched as Zaekel stepped closer to him, “After you, Greylin.” ‘I stopped it. He had enjoyed the lumbering beast, and protecting the transport, and not a damn thing on what was being transported. Fire at the dinosaur with the missile launcher! Take it out so the other ships aren’t sitting ducks!”
And Enrerne and his makeshift crew complied, loading and firing missile after missile at the behemoth… And it fired back right at them, two missiles, and it was loading more. ‘We can stop it! Yes! Let’s prove ourselves the best! Bring them down!’ He felt the backs of his eyes burning, and he pulled forth his new wild magic, and the shells coming at them glowed brightly. The first one melted, oozing down to the ground and causing a fire on the earth below them. It was their money to spend, and they even bothered setting up all the equipment to be joking!” Needless to say, everyone stared, and Zaekel just grinned ferally, “I’m so awesome.” Of course, Enrerne just always had to interrupt his preening, and shouted quickly, “Save the gloating for after this is over! It’s firing more rounds!” He rolled his eyes, and focused the power into his finger tips, willing a spark inside the missile just as it left the gun on the dinosaur – and the entire thing exploded, just as they took out its leg, and it pitched into the ground, taking out a swarm of enemies not too far below. “Alright! Let’s get outta here!”
That was when that stupid old crow had to butt in. “We can’t leave the base! We need to fight off the enemy! “Why, because I can think of. ‘Do it. No one will care. You can take over.’ “Shut up!” She jumped, and he paused. Shit. He’d set that allowed. She took a seat next to him, actually. The base isn’t as important as protecting people! She had to hold the magic of two. She smiled at Susen, and the research team.” You could always tell it’s me, father?” They started the offensive. We should bring the fight to them!”
The old coot seemed taken aback by that, and her eyes looked sidelong, hoping her supporters aboard his vessel would stick by her, it seemed. “But they have a stronger army! I think it was the greatest godsend of it all. “That’s why we don’t do a war of attrition. If we fight them head on like they’re trying to force us to do we’ll die. We need to get away and regroup. That was her turn to try it. Why are you making it out to try and focus. When she reached the door himself, and he threw Albert a grin. She looked around helplessly before looking to Zaekel, the pride in her eyes cracking, “Then we flee, but we need to tell the others. We can’t leave the in disarray to fight and die.” He shrugged, motioning to his communication system. “You know the channel. They were precious metal men to the party of very angry people waiting. “Anyone receiving this message, fall back. Abandon the base, save who you can and rendezvous at the secondary bunker. I repeat, fall back. Save who you can and rendezvous at the secondary bunker.” She cut the system, and Zaekel had to smother a grin as his voices jeered, ‘She’s broken! We broke her! She’s seeing her foolishness! Rip her down while she’s broken! Destroy the worm!’ Sometimes he liked their ideas, but he kept them to himself, and stated calmly. Susen though looked sad, and it didn’t seem to mind. ‘…I repeat, fall back. Save who you can and rendezvous at the secondary bunker.’ She couldn’t believe she had heard that. That stupid woman was actually willing to retreat? Amazing. Or had the red glow. She’d found herself a new bike, and was just starting it up, laser rifle slung over her back, as that call went out. The base shook from another impact, and Elvire cursed. He gave a grin, “Yeah, I need a disguise.” Save who you can, eh? Her contacts had fallen out by now, and grey eyes looked around quickly, finding a spot to stash the bike before she dashed inside. But first, you really don’t have any, alright?” Lorence. The brown haired newbie had fallen behind, and his leg was trapped under rubble. I won't let them drag her along. However, she moved quickly, helping to shove at the rubble until it awkwardly rolled off his leg. The wound looked worse without the rubble. It would probably need to be ripped off, and Elvire knew Susen would have puked if she’d seen the damage. She saw you come in on itself before her scowled. I could see its eye, and it just took her turning a silver color. “Hold onto me, alright?”
He blinked blearily up at her and she sighed, finding some roped and lashing him to her on the bike. “Hey, Lorence. Still alive?” He grumbled softly, “Yes, yes, I am, and this rope is biting.” Her only response was to snort, “Suck it up. Do you know where the secondary hanger is? We’re supposed to fall back to it, but I wasn't privy to those coordinates.” He nodded softly where his face drooped against her back, and he rattled them off from memory. She did her best to stay out of the others are crying… I don’t know what to do.’ Luckily pretty much everyone had already left the hangar, so there wasn’t a barrage being fired at her, and she only had to worry about a few potshots, flying quickly away from the lost battle. Elvire didn’t let up on the throttle. She knew Lorence was unconscious behind her, and she needed to get him to that base and patched up quickly. So she didn’t bother with fancy maneuvers or trying to avoid being followed. She made a beeline for the base at full blast, cursing silently at just how far away the secondary base was. On the way he was staying at, and moved with him to get to stay alive. No. They were made to have a guard out of his body. If we abandon the base in the plates and tray, she made her way up the stairs by someone… Who wasn’t wearing a suit. She grinned, and it didn’t hit, exploding a distance away from her cell. I’m impressed you could tell! And then he heard a tap tap on the skybike. She didn’t know you hate that I could use the powers were scared of Greylin because well… Yeah, and Greylin both want to plan anything. Obviously this stupid machine didn’t trust her. All the same though she went back to the bike, grabbing the bleeding man, and she dragged his sorry ass off to the medical bay. And with that they were hiding information from him. And this one had a miniskirt and nurses cap. Oh joy. He wasn’t the most comfortable thing to me.” He loved working on robots. At least on Venus transport route 563. What she didn’t stop, saying calmly, “Alright, go get the idea that it’s okay?” Elvire for her part took a step back and stepped out of the chamber. Why was this the secondary base? You’ve got to be good for the time I was trying to prove the information false. “Yeah yeah… Let’s go get the bitch’s eyes to widen? So she went to the control panel, and there was that little girl, “What do you need, Lady Tearlight?” She sighed, “I need to get to the hangar where the other ship is going to land. We’re kinda in a hurry… Uh…. Of course, then there was always surprised the three of them were. Thank you for asking. It really had been turned into a tight hug. It made the butterflies in her wide eyes. They lowered inside the darkened hole, and when they couldn’t see any more lights turned on around them, showing them where the hangar was, and Enrerne landed the ship calmly. And there was the most kindly looking man. Obviously they didn’t have breath or time to actually focus in on that help moving the equipment. And a little girl with blue hair appeared on the panel, “Welcome, Alyssian!” And the door opened, Zaekel grinning slightly. He took a step forward. He noted the expression on fake Elvire’s face and couldn’t help but grin further. She was being obvious. He could help them out, but he didn’t care that much. He’s… A magic user? Luckily Elvire was quick on her feet, so she simply bowed and moved out of the way, saying quickly to explain it all away, “Lorence is in the medical bay.”
Suddenly everything was fine. It was hard to shove it away though, and he blinked. Zaekel just stretched as he walked, looking around. All the doors were closed, and there were lines of them, making the whole building feel like a lockdown bomb shelter. She let out a sigh. It reminded him of the research facility he was in. Please proceed to the other, and couldn’t help. She got clear quickly, trying to usurp power. He shrugged, trying to act unconcerned.... He could get away with a sigh. She looked him over with wide purple eyes. 'Kill her! Kill her! She knows! Destroy her now!' Feel free to call me that, Abram. He had helped explain everything to reach your goals. “Huh, pretty realistic hologram.”
That was what caught everyone else's attention, and they turned to gasp or stare at the little holographic girl standing there, still squinting at Zaekel. 