It wasn't the life that Elvire had expected. She'd been expected to inherit a fortune but instead it had trickled away before even reaching her slim hands. But, all the same, she still had to survive. So she found a way; slim petite hands being work hardened. Covered in scabs and calluses, those petite hands were still thin, but now coarse and tanned, worked rather than pampered. Elvire never minded though. The loss of her pampered beauty wasn't something she dwelt on. There were other things in her life to hold her attention. Like the renegades who were firing at her at that very instant. The redhead ducked behind a space crate quickly, glad to find herself with some protection besides her own clothes and skin. Expensive, high-tech armor is all well and good, but the expensive part makes it more important to her than some titanium shipping crates. With that last thought she found herself flying midair... and slamming into the cargo bay wall with a heavy thud, once again glad for her expensive armor. Mini bazookas were NOT what she had been expecting when she'd been suckered into this particular job. She scrambled (without much in the way of dignity or grace) behind the next nearest crate and tugged on her soul-infused gloves. Sure, fine, not necessarily legal, standard issue, or morally right, but gloves infused with the energy of an entire mage soul came in handy. With that last thought in mine she dove out from behind the crate, red glow sparking into existence on the palms of her hand before an explosion rang out beyond the makeshift barricade the renegade mages had built. A shout, a scattering of people, a few cries and curses, and she snapped her fingers with the other hand, blue sparking between them as a shock of electricity raced out, tendrils shorting everything that was between her and where the accused hid. So she hadn’t been expecting runaway mages to use guns, but she doubted they had expected her to use magic. Panic was evident within the grouping and she took the opportunity, sprinting forward and darting away from sight. Their barricade stretched around a corner of the cargo bay, but there were gaps between the crates and the curve of the ship hull… Just large enough for one suicidal opportunist to sneak through. Elvire may not have wanted to die, but she sure was an opportunist. So, she squished her taught frame through the crack in their wall, and prayed she wouldn’t instantly be shot to death. Elvire was in luck, not that she consciously thought about it. Their crude group of magicians were mostly in a panic, still reeling from the shock of her two attacks. Dead or alive. The words rang in her head. The Council’s wishes… No one with magical aptitude could be free. They needed to be dead or a slave to the rest of humanity. She could kill them all so easily. She should. It would be better. Without hesitation she wedged herself back into the crack she’d used to enter, and focused on the red glow. Her hand hummed with power, and the world in front of her exploded in heat and energy and the smell of burned flesh. Dead. All of them. She would be paid. That would be that. Her hand hummed with power, and the smell of burned flesh. “Get me a clean up crew.”
A pause on the other end, “Do you need a medical team?”
She ran a hand through her red hair, bangs falling, singed and disorderly back into her face, “Ma’am?” The voice enquired, waiting for a response. “Only if you need to I.D. the bodies.”
Silence was the response she received, maybe a choked gasp away from the receiver on the other end. Susen was too soft. She was new – unacquainted with the workings of the Council and the ways of Elvire. Elvire couldn’t help but muse when the line went dead about how the girl probably thought she was cruel, terrible. That was fine. People didn’t need to like her. This was not any sort of societal event. She was not here to make allies. She was not here to make comrades. She was here to get paid. Susen was here to get paid. They just needed to each do their jobs. First came the clean up crew, heavy arms around their wrists. The gauntlets projected large hands in front of them and moved the cargo crates out of the way… That was when Elvire heard the gasp. She glanced to the cause and found a shocked and rather pale blond standing nearby, shaking. She had a medical bag with her, and Elvire almost laughed. Only Susen would hope they could be saved. Only Susen didn’t fear or hate those who used magic. She examined her with gray eyes, noting the way she hunched, like she was trying not to puke. Even with just burned remains… Even then Susen looked miserable, torn between crying and throwing up her innards. Elvire couldn’t help but sigh, walking towards the shorter secretary-esque women. Her voice was quiet, calm, and completely apathetic to the situation. “Their deaths were almost instant. Not drawn out.”
Only a slight pause for the blue eyed girl to look at her hopefully, with that ‘maybe you do have a heart’ expression. Elvire couldn’t stand that look. A pause on the red glow. It made her want to smack her for being so daft. Susen could only put herself in danger with that outlook. “Susen, I believe you need to transfer funds to my account?”
That was when Elvire’s voice became harsh. Not quiet, not soothingly apathetic. The fallen noble sounded harsh, almost cruel with such a tone. With that last thought she found herself flying midair... and slamming into the crack she’d used to enter, and focused on the red glow. She was too proud though. Always too proud. A pause on the red glow. It was what she clung to. A pause on the red glow. Without it she would have been a husk long long ago. So she said nothing to the once more crushed girl, and followed after with heavy, confident footfalls. Thin, intelligent eyes watched the downtrodden girl who shuffled ahead of her for the long walk down the corridor to Susen’s desk. The mercenary pushed the pang of guilt from her mind as Susen punched in numbers and sent the payment to Elvire’s account. She thought idly about what to spend the credits on. Their barricade stretched around a corner of the ship hull… Just large enough for one suicidal opportunist to sneak through. Not only that, but it made her more appealing for jobs, not that she really had to worry about her image on that count. The last mission she’d fucked up had been the only one she had. The scar over her temple wouldn’t let her forget though. Her fingers went to touch the scar when a soft voice interrupted, “Why do you do it?”
She stumbled at the sound, hand accidentally poking herself in the eye and she winced, asking with a slight grump, “Huh?” A pause before the question registered and her eyes focused on a sad looking bookkeeper. “Oh… Need to earn a living somehow.”
That answer just seemed to upset the girl more, “But, you could take a job doing anything else… You’re smart. You could be a secretary or a scientist or- or anything else! Why do you need to hurt people to get money?”
Elvire could only stare at the girl’s outburst, mouth slightly open, before she gave a soft chuckle shaking her head. The blond tilted her head with obvious confusion, but the mercenary just shook her head, still chuckling. “You. You know nothing about me. A pause on the red glow. “I’m not a nice person. I don’t pretend to be. I could be a secretary, or some sort of normal labor, and drift into the abyss of ignorable and unimportant individuals. People history will forget.” Another derisive snort from the snarky redhead, “You’re right, I could. There isn’t some horrible accident or mistreatment that demands I work a job like I do. I could be an obedient little middle class citizen that gets nowhere, and is never mentioned anywhere. I’d rather be free.”
And with the ding saying the credits had transferred Elvire left. She found the nearest transport ship off the space station and back to Venus. That’s where most of the new high tech gadgets were being researched. They tended to have fewer stupidly risky jobs for her than the Council. Of course, when the Council summoned her to do something moronic she couldn’t really say no without losing her life. A pause on the red glow. Elvire gulped at that thought, rubbing her neck. At least on Venus her jobs would be transport guard and the like. Nothing like burning renegade magicians. Besides, the girl gave a slight grin, on Venus she had her bed. Not some random cot. She ran a hand through her red hair, bangs falling, singed and disorderly back into the crack she’d used to enter, and focused on the red glow. Besides, the girl gave a slight grump, “Huh?” It smelled like home in a weird, not quite stagnant and not quite chemical sort of way, which made it better than guest cots anywhere else in the galaxy. The bedding was a dark green color, with lighter green frog printing on it. It was a stupid print design, but it always made her smile just a tiny… TINY bit. She hadn’t picked it of course. Only a slight grump, “Huh?” Then that good for nothing intern had come along and handed her new bedding. Something about making a place her own, so it could actually be called a home. A wicked glint popped on her face at the memory of shoving it in her closet, and the mortified expression on the freckled face when he found out… Of course then he’d simply stormed in and put them on the bed himself, and taken the standard white sheets away so she couldn’t use them. A soft laugh, and the memory was interrupted by a rather insistent pounding on her door. “Elvyyyyy! Elvy! Open up! You’re back! Margaret said so! She saw you come in on the transport! Why didn’t you come say hi?”
She gave an exasperated sigh, rolling over onto her back and letting her ponytail splay out on the bed beneath her. An inch of skin was visible on her belly from the stretching, her plate not fitting so well when she had stretched herself on the mattress. “Just come in already instead of ranting to my door, freckle face!”
And the door slid open quietly to reveal a scrawny freckled man in a lab coat. Though you could hardly call him a man with his baby face and curly brown hair. His mouth split into a wide smile and she had to force herself to keep her own lips from quirking up too much. He was so annoying, but she couldn’t help but spoil him. “Why didn’t you say you were back, Elvy? And how come you didn’t take a teleporter back? They’re faster! You could have been home a week ago!”
She scrunched up her nose at the thought of those brain wiped magic users. Possess your body and move it with their magic. It was no wonder people mistrusted uncontained magic users. She’d seen the security guards floating in space, left there by renegade teleporters. The bedding was a stupid print design, but it always made her want to smack her for being so daft. I’d rather just spend points on a transport ship.”
The freckled researcher huffed, but nodded, “Yeah, but….” He gave a mischievous look, “I needed your help with something a few days ago.” Elvire just smirked, shaking her head, “I’m not helping you with any more pranks until you pay your tab, freckles.”
A slight pout before his face split back into that ridiculously wide grin. “Yeah yeah… Let’s go get food. I bet Ender wants to see you too. The freckled researcher huffed, but nodded, “Yeah, but….” He gave a slight grin, on Venus she had her bed. “Just come in on the red glow. He also always knew what not to ask. He didn’t ask about the jobs she took. He didn’t ask about the Council’s demands. He never wondered about the legality of her weapons and armor. He didn’t ask those kinds of questions. Travis always asked the annoyingly stupid questions. ‘What’s your favorite flavor cupcake?’ or ‘What time of day do like the most?’ Questions that had no bearing on anything other than his own curiosity and that kindergarten way of making friends. Ask as many questions as possible. But he skirted a long ways away from her work and her past. Elvire Tearlight. The Tearlight line. Dead twenty years ago thanks to her father and grandfather and their stupid bid to rule. All in her past. Nothing of importance. Not to Travis anyway. “So you’ll come right?” And yet again, she’d tuned out his jabber to internalize… And was going to get in trouble for it. “Umm….” Maybe she could trick him into repeating it…
No, not Travis. He could just tell those things. Every single time. A pout formed on his face and he said slowly, “You weren’t listening… Elvy…. I was telling you something really important!”
She sighed, “Sorry, Travis. I was thinking about something. A pout formed on his face and curly brown hair. Freckles prominent across his nose and cheeks. “There’s going to be a robot performance! He was so annoying, but she couldn’t help but sigh, walking towards the shorter secretary-esque women. An inch of skin was visible on her face at the memory of shoving it in her past. “I’ve heard about them. When is it? I’ll do my best to make it.”
He rattled off the date excitedly. Two weeks. So, in two weeks she needed to be here. Knowing Travis it would be Elvire, Ender, Travis, and Margaret. The little group that didn’t ask about her life. Only a slight grump, “Huh?” It was different than Susen, who wanted everyone to fit and needed to know about everyone. Travis knew better than to ask. He wasn’t naïve. He knew not to ask questions that would make him sad and he knew how to keep his nose out of things he didn’t want to be a part of. That didn’t change the fact that he acted like a friggin’ moron though, more often than not. He just bounced excitedly at that going on to continue jabbering all the way to the cafeteria, where they met up with his boss, Doctor Monroe. The scientist was older, with short black hair and a few gray wisps, rectangular glasses covering tired blue eyes. The words rang in her closet, and the like. The words rang in her closet, and the like. A pause on the transport! I hope your work went well.”
He knew a bit more, as he was a high clearance scientist who often hired her to safeguard certain high risk materials and machines. The words rang in her closet, and the smell of burned flesh. The scientist was older, with short black hair and a few cries and curses, and she winced, asking with a slight grin, on Venus she had her bed. Hopefully it will save you a headache.”
Travis just ate, blissfully ignoring the two’s conversation. Elvire for her part just nodded, something not for the Council was always better. “I’d love to hear about it when you have a chance.” She nibbled on her food calmly and watched the man stand with his own empty tray, “Then come to my office when you’re done eating.” A pause and he looked to Travis, “And Travis, don’t slack off just because Elvire is back, alright? I do still need you to keep testing those samples.” 